Star Wars is dead. That's something you've probably heard many times over the past few years, and it's not hard to see why. The sequel trilogy started out strong, only to turn into an unmmitigated disaster. There hasn't been a new movie in almost 6 years, and practically every new show released on Disney Plus has either been a critical or commercial flop, or both. And like anyone hurtling towards their 50th birthday, Star Wars seems to be going through a bit of an identity crisis these days, desperately trying to reinvent itself into something newer and cooler. Which leads to the very obvious question, what even is Star Wars now? Is it a feminist power fantasy? A lightweight adventure for little kids, a dark, gritty political thriller with sci-fi trappings, or one person's thinly disguised sexual fetish wrapped up in lightsabers and spaceships. Gay. I don't really know what Star Wars is meant to be now. But one thing it isn't is successful. Andor, the latest addition to the Disney Plus lineup, cost $650 million in total and pulled in less than 2 million viewers in its first 3 days. Oh, come on. Jesus. I've had videos that get more views in the same time frame. Not only is it not making money for Disney, but even worse than that, Star Wars has lost every shred of cultural relevance it once has. People just don't talk or even care about it anymore. And the only time they do mention it is when some big controversy erupts. Take Andor for example. The only discourse of any kind around that show is because of a two-minute scene where an Imperial officer tries to use the force on a young woman. The acolyte was talked about, but for all the wrong reasons, to the point where Disney themselves had to step in and confirm that never again would they inflict another series of that absolute catastrophe on us. Meanwhile, Skeleton Crew, which was pretty much free of controversies, was also more forgettable than a cheese sandwich and disappeared like a fart in the winds. I actually had to look it up to confirm that yes, it did indeed exist. And I watched it and it cost $130 million to make. It wasn't always like this, you know. Ask any random person on the street who Darth Vader, Luke Skywalker, or Han Solo is, and I'm pretty sure they'll be able to tell you, even if they've never even watched the Star Wars movie before. Ask that same person who Paul Damaran, Finn, the Mandalorian, or Cassian Andor is, and you'll likely be met with the kind of vacant, deadeyed stare that would make Billy Isish look like a model of bright, optimistic intellects. With a string of commercial failures like this and a total collapse in cultural relevance, you can't exactly blame people for concluding that yes, Star Wars as a brand is indeed dead. But then something kind of strange happened. Revenge of the Sith was re-released into cinemas to mark the 20th anniversary of the film's premiere, which itself is nothing particularly unusual. Lucasfilm has a long history of re-releasing older Star Wars movies to mark important anniversaries. It's a nice way to revisit old classics. And for younger fans, it's a chance to experience Star Wars as it was meant to be seen on the biggest of big screens. But this one was different. Revenge of the Sith rad in more than 42 million worldwide in its first weekend, rocketing up the box office charts like it was some commercially viable new release instead of a novelty trip down memory lane for hardcore fans only. It would be like some old heavyweight boxer coming out of a 20-year retirement and still being able to kick ass against top level contenders. And let's not kid ourselves here. This is not some cinematic classic we're talking about. Revenge of the Sith was the deeply flawed conclusion to a not particularly good trilogy, and the audience perception of it has gone through more twists than a David Fincher movie over the years. At first, everyone loved it because they were hyped by the Star Wars legacy and the pretty visuals. But then came the YouTube video essay era where it became fashionable to make hour-long videos [ __ ] all over the prequels. And now that we're trapped in the festering swamp of the Disney era, the rose tinted glasses are coming out and people are starting to look back more favorably on the prequel trilogy. It's all relativism and it's all colored by what happens to be going on at the current time. But all of this is to say that Revenge of the Sith wasn't and still isn't a particularly great Star Wars movie, but people flock to see it anyway. Why? because it's the last movie to come out that was still unquestionably Star Wars. Flawed it might have been, but it still embodied the core elements of what Star Wars was supposed to be about. The epic adventure, the hero's journey, the struggle between good and evil, the family melodrama, and the love story at its core. Simple stuff, but sometimes the simplest ideas are also the most timeless. On the other hand, the most timely and current day of ideas are likely to become the most divisive and dated. If Disney are looking for an answer to the ongoing question of what Star Wars is supposed to be, well, there it is. This right here is what people want. For better or worse, Star Wars apparently isn't quite as dead as we all thought, and fans do still want more of it. The only problem is they just don't want your version of it. Maybe that is something you should think about very, very carefully. Oh, yeah, and just a heads up that we're down to the last few days on our Kickstarter campaign for Trial by Fire. The response has been absolutely amazing and we've raised over a quarter of a million pounds already. And now that we're on the home straight, we're pushing hard to reach as many of our stretch goals as possible. I know everyone's already been super generous, but if you're still thinking about becoming a backer, then now is probably the time to act. As always, the link is in the description, and I'll leave the rest up to you. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.