This is where I started the channel. This is where I kind of did everything. Um, how much do my videos make and how has the community's interest changed over time. Now, before we begin this video, I want to preface that in the beginning when I had zero subscribers or, you know, even just starting out, low subscribers. I remember spending 16 hours on a video and it made 12 cents. Now, while my prime motive on the channel was never to make money, in fact, I never created the channel to make money. I made the channel with one video one day when I was bored and then I forgot about it completely for about three weeks. And I saw that there were some comments after that three weeks to a month with about 200 subscribers and I thought it was so cool because it reminded me of when I was young on Star Wars forums and now I had a place again in my 20s to talk about Star Wars with people on the internet. Snowball effect. Fast forward about 10 years of my life. Here we are today. The most money I ever made on the channel in one month was Mando season 2 finale with about $360,000 Canadian with 60 million views. And interestingly enough, I'll add the next month in the new year, January, I also hit 60 million views just like the month prior in December, but only made half that. That has to do with ad rates per month, which vary. I hope this video will be informative, educational, and give you a understanding of what the YouTube space is like in terms of the interest of the fandom and essentially analytics from the biggest Star Wars YouTuber in the world. All right, showing you guys some interesting analytics that I came across. Okay, let's uh let's just go back like what, two weeks? So, in the beginning in 2016, I started making lore videos and fanfictions and a whole bunch of other stuff like that that you know, truly the true heart of talking about Star Wars, George Lucas Star Wars, mainly the prequel trilogy, which at the time wasn't really all that hot like it is today. Hayden Christensen was still hated upon a ton, but I enjoyed the prequels. Prequels were my favorite. Anakin Skywalker was my favorite. Hayden Christensen, I thought, was a great guy. Still is. And so, you know, the channel predicated itself on lore. I was really the first one to do comic videos to life with uh cringy voice acting and music and all the cool effects and transitions and all that stuff. >> No, I refuse. This is all there is. >> And the channel did really well. It that that was really like my claim to fame, right? Was my c creativity with creating content like that. And the channel was booming. Like I got to a million subscribers in one year. Literally one year. impressive >> became the largest Star Wars YouTuber within one year of time. And um that's true testament to my love for Star Wars and the prequel trilogy and just my I I suppose you know two decades worth of obsessing over Star Wars and just like keeping all those ideas in my head kind of thing and then applying that to making video content for people to absorb and enjoy in their downtime and built a great community and it was amazing. Now, monetarywise, lore videos, fanfictions, all that stuff did astronomically well, you know. Um, fanfictions, like once I once I surpassed about half a million subscribers, I could confidently say that, you know, every fanfiction was doing like 200,000 views within the first few days pretty easily. And I was making probably anywhere around 1 to two grand per fanfiction. And realistically, I could have just never made the fan film, you know, never sunk money into that, never showed my face, nothing, and just basically cashed in on fanfictions until the cows came home, cuz I'm very creative and I can write fanfictions literally till the cows came home. Um, but of course, I wanted to push the envelope. I wanted to go further and further and and do more cool stuff and fun stuff and honor my community that literally got me to where I wanted to be and essentially allowed me to do what I always did as a kid, which I would do for free. you know, with no praise whatsoever from anyone, but now as a job. And it was really cool. It was like super awesome. And so I remember, you know, lore videos would do astronomically well. We're talking, you know, thousands of dollars for a lore video, let's say, or, you know, upwards of $500 plus for a lore video. And the subscribers would be like, you know, 200 new subscribers for every lore video. 500 to a,000 to 5,000 new subscribers for every fanfiction >> with a million more well on the way. We're talking 2016, 2017, 2018. And then when Disney Plus rolled around, 2019, or whenever it was that the show started coming out, you know, it just boomed even more. And now content turned into, well, I I would actually say still around that time, lore videos was really prevalent and popular because you're now explaining the shows. And there were a huge new audience of Star Wars fans that came in because of Disney Plus and Mandalorian and all that that really wanted to know the backstory of things without having to like go into the weeds of the books or the movies or the making of books and all that stuff, right? So, it was great. Everything was like growing exponentially. But then, of course, you start having your takes and your opinions. And having been a primarily George Lucas fanboy, you're going to have some problems with the discrepancies of what Disney is creating versus, you know, what you're used to, what you grew up with as a kid. And if I grew up with Disney Star Wars, maybe my opinion would be different. I don't know. But I believe that it is rooted within the origins of what George created. And that's really what kept me grounded in his story. So, and I studied it very well. Not as a as a form to make money ever. In fact, you know, being a Star Wars fan in the '90s and 2000s, you are, if you ever seen the movie Fanboys, it's very much like that. Kind of an outcast. You don't get invited anywhere really all that much. Then you you're not really going to thrive in a sort of uh popular environment with your peers, but it doesn't matter because you love Star Wars and you love being a nerd. The more you are outcast from that society, the more you are in thrusted into the comic books and the books and the movies and the lore and the behind the scenes. So anyways, it was such a beautiful experience. I would wake up every day with a spring in my step to make lore content, to make fanfictions, to talk with my community, completely detached from the money, you know, I I didn't care. I was living in like a $1,400 Canadian a month apartment. This is where I started the channel. This is where I kind of did everything. Um, so right here, you know, you it super tiny. You you would walk in doorway here. You walk in and here it was, man. That's all this one living room tiny. you'd fit it in a frame >> and I was making like 50 grand a month like making lore content. I was having a great time and I was like okay well you know what should I do with all this money like I want to make a fan film so I dumped about 200,000 into a fan film which is the first one you guys saw and then did animations those animations were anywhere between like 2 to 5 grand each and we made a slew of those and I was constantly putting back into the channel cuz I I was I was enjoying it so much. was so creative and loving it and and the comments were so positive. Fast forward to today, you know, post Last Jedi, post Acolyte, post Obi-Wan, post Mando 3, Boba Fett show, and all the [ __ ] that has happened. Yes, the content has changed, right? We've we've strayed further and further from George Lucas Star Wars, and therefore, I still choose to make content about the prequels and originals and really focus on that. And I've become increasingly more angry with where they have taken the brand today. And I'm vocal about it. And that has garnered me a ton of hatred from new age Star Wars Disney fans. And that's okay, you know, that's okay. That's life. >> Train yourself to let go. >> But what I'd like to show is um where we are today uh on sort of a we could look at it as a business side. We could look at it as a analytics side, but the numbers don't lie. So, let's for example, I want to show you uh here me reacting to uh that Darth Vader fan film, the AI one that came out 2 weeks ago. Okay, about 500,000 views, 200,338 comments, almost 20,000 likes. And let's look at how much money I made and how many subscribers. Roughly $2,500 to react to this video. Roughly almost a,000 new subscribers. uh watchtime hours, which is huge on YouTube, is 33,200 hours of watch time and roughly 470,000 views. Great, right? 2 1/2 grand and you're getting almost a,000 new people to your channel who are then going to watch it a whole bunch of other videos. Now, let's go to what the heart of the channel is all about, which is lore content. Okay, let's take uh General Grievous. General Grievous. In my opinion, I thought this was a really cool video. This is George Lucas talking about the General Grievous scene that he wrote. Um, and let's look at the analytics. One new subscriber, $145. Still great, but you know, at this point, I'm not living in a uh $1,300 Canadian apartment. I have a team of 15 people that I pay full-time. Uh, I have a lot of expenses. I have the Vader fan film on top of that, which is another 20 grand a month for the last many years. And, uh, you know, that is not not it's not when you compare the numbers, it's not as great, right? Let's look at this this one here. Another reaction we did just about three days ago, actually. Uh, 500 bucks, 56 new subscribers. Not bad for three days. Let's give it another week. See what it gets to. Let's go to a lower video, shall we? George's original Anakin Order 66 scene. 17,000 views. It's about 18,000. 100 comments, 1,500 likes, 13 subscribers, 101 bucks. Still grateful, but nowhere near what it used to be. So, I said, "Okay, I really like to talk about lore content. Why don't I put myself in the video?" cuz those seem to do much better whenever my face is in the thumbnail and whenever I'm in the video itself. Little bit of an uptick. 31,300 comments, 2,000 likes. Okay, a little bit better. 11 subscribers, 100 bucks. >> All of this is unusual. >> So, you know, 2500 versus 14 2500 versus 145 bucks is absolutely insane. And you have to factor in there's creativity going in. I have about a $10,000 recording studio setup equipment. We're talking about I have to pay my editor. I I the first four four years I was editing, recording, doing everything myself. Now I send it to an editor because I'm paying to free up my time so that I can focus on other things like these streams or like dealing with backend stuff with Yuri Sabers, whatever it might be. Like I said, there is a massive overhead every single month to pay my team product warehouse. And then on top of that, the fan film. Let's look at this. It's criminal Disney didn't give us this. 185,000 views, 2,000 comments, 10,000 likes just about. And this was uh yeah like 15 days ago or something. 1,000 bucks, 250 subscribers almost. Let's go to another lore video, shall we? Let's go a little bit further back so it can accumulate more views here. This one 40,000 views. George Lucas explains Order 66 Anakin 200 bucks, 15 views, 15 subs. So this lore video actually did great. But I'm going to show you something interesting. So we're getting roughly the same views as AI stuff as AI reactions. 158,000 but not nearly as much. 889 bucks, 330 subscribers, did pretty well, but that's the only lore video that hit. And back in the day, I used to get double those numbers for lore videos, and I was uploading two videos a day. Think about that. So, it kind of just goes to show where uh the interest is today, what YouTube is promoting, what the machine is promoting, what the fandom wants to watch, what the fandom shows up for. Now, that doesn't mean that I'm going to follow the money, cuz I never have. I know how to make money on YouTube. I always have known. But that has never influenced how I make content for the most part. If I can make content I like and make great money, awesome. But that's not what motivates me. It's not what pushes the needle. And at the end of the day, that's not what's going to really move the needle at all to pay my team or to pay the Vader fan film. Like I said, if it wasn't for Theory Savers, uh yeah, there would be no film at all. But it's uh it's interesting for me as a YouTuber for almost 10 years in the Star Wars space to observe um because those numbers are pretty small. Like even the AI numbers and analytics are pretty small compared to what I used to make for um breakdowns. Dude, I I used to make like 5 to 10 grand every single breakdown video. Easy. No problem, you know? And it was a freaking awesome time cuz you're doing something you love. You're doing something you're good at. you're incentivized even more now monetarily to do a better job and it was like booming the channel. But now it's like all of those things they people don't give a [ __ ] They don't care. It does not nearly perform as well at all. So it's unfortunate to see. You know, here's this lore video that I thought was really well done. Um yeah, one sub. I mean, you can see the discrepancy is there. This is not bad. This lore video didn't do bad. Pretty good. But you have to be really selective with what lore video you make. The thumbnail. like you're using 10 years of my experience to know what will really click, what will get people to get their attention. And when you're comp when you're competing with thousands of other videos, if you even get put on the homepage, which I don't even get put on the homepage anymore, >> it's not fair. >> If you get recommended on the sidebar, there's so many other videos and thumbnails you're competing with. What can you do to stick out so that that half a second that they're scanning your [ __ ] among all of them is something that catches their eye and they click? And then when they click, are they going to click off the video fast? Because if they click off the video fast, then you get demoted even more on YouTube. You will not show up at all. So you have to make sure that your video is good enough and interesting enough along with the thumbnail and the title and the length of the video to show up for a longer period of time and to catch their interest for a longer period of time so that they stay on the video longer. So then YouTube is like, "Okay, we're going to promote you a little bit more. So then more people see it." It's a very difficult system. Very difficult system. And um it's just the way it is now, you know. It's it's it's like you'll spend 10 years of your life kind of just making content, but through that understanding what works in terms of um the system that they created and how to almost be favored like Mr. Beast so that people do watch your content so that your content does get received by and seen by the people who have consciously subscribed. But sometimes that's not enough. you know, you got to really like know exactly what to make, how to make it, how to make it look good so that people click. Thumbnail, title, you got to factor in SEO, tags. There's a lot of work that goes into it beyond just, hey, I'm going to make cool content. But now with AI, [ __ ] dude, you just react to something, you're going to make thousands of dollars and you're going to get like over a,000 subs, right? That's awesome. But like I said, that will not change the content on the channel. It doesn't mean I'm just going to react to AI [ __ ] now. And at the end of the day, none of this stuff really moves the needle on the uh on the invoices that I have every month. It does help, of course, but uh not astronomically, especially when you factor in taxes and all that junk and um whatever YouTube takes as well. >> That's the real trick, isn't it? >> But uh I just wanted to share that information. I think it's pretty interesting. I find it interesting and I don't know, what do you guys think about it? Now, I know what you're thinking. How much would Vader episode 1 have made if I was able to monetize the whole thing? So, Vader episode 1 amassed over 30 million views, just a little over 30 million with 1.1 million likes, which is a great amount of likes on a video because likes, comments, all views, they all factor into it. And the comments are [laughter] 100,000 comments. And this video is over 8 minutes long, which means that once you make your video over 8 minutes long, you can then place multiple ads in the video. If I was to monetize the fan film with this amount of views and this level of duration, then I would have probably made, and I'm just guessing here, over a million or so dollars, which uh it would have paid for episode two and most of three, uh considering this one cost me just under $200,000, and I could have used that money to pay for everything else. and uh I would not have had really any financial stress whatsoever, especially with the state of Star Wars and ad revenue being absolutely in the dumps compared to what it used to be. The same with this uh Vader episode 2, the Shards of the Past little cinematic trailer. This for many people who don't know was actually a tester and uh I kind of put it out there as a as a trailer cinematic trailer. It was really just a test for me to see how this would actually look if we were to go ahead and create something that was animated since the first one was liveaction. If I monetize this and it's being 3 minutes long, it had 13 million views, half a million likes, and the comments are 21,000 comments, the retention is only so long because it is 3 minutes, so you can't put multiple ads on it. I believe I would have made at least $200,000 on this alone. And this isn't for everyone's analytics. This is for my personal analytics and uh knowing, you know, doing this for 10 years, what my numbers would give me with this amount of viewership, this amount of likes and engagement essentially. That's why when YouTubers say like hit like, bro, you could like change a YouTuber's life by just hitting like. Like it is the most simple if you support a content creator, it's the most simple thing out there you could do and you will change their life. if you will not only get them paid more but you will have them in a better standing with YouTube because YouTube will be like there's a lot of user engagement. These aren't bot views. This is a lot of user engagement here and we will promote this channel because they are bringing in a lot of user engagement which means that people will be more inclined to either click on ads or view ads or stay on the video or look at the ads multiple ads that YouTube is going to put on there which then everyone makes more money. So, if I can ask you guys one thing when Vader Episode 2 comes out, just hit like on it. I won't make money from it, but it will hopefully at least boost the channel and get more of the channel out there and hopefully reach more people. Even though I'm pretty sure that uh Disney will copyright the film most likely because that's just what they do and that's what they did with the first one two times. Now, of course, I can go way further back into older and older and older videos. And if you guys are interested in that and you want to know what some of the heavy hitter videos made in ad revenue, I'm happy to share all of that information. I really have nothing to hide. And if you want to see that and the engagement on this video is great, the likes are really high. Uh I'm going to say like over 20 30,000 at least, and the comments are high, then yeah, man, for sure. you know, um I got no problem showing showing whatever you guys want to see really. Um at the end of the day, I'm very fortunate to be here and I'm very humbled to be here and that's all because of the viewers and so you guys are essentially like the cause of all of this, right? So um yes we as content creators create the content but if we did not have people supporting us every step of the way with so much as liking videos, watching videos, you know, super chatting, buying our merch, supporting us in, you know, our products or just believing in us, you know, sharing our videos around social media, content creators wouldn't be here. YouTube would not be as big as it is. It would not be making as much money as it is. And neither would YouTubers such as myself or Mr. beast or anyone else in between or below. So, it really comes down to the viewers and you guys. And this is also to show that, you know, anyone can be a YouTuber. Anyone can create content and make it be their full-time. And it doesn't have to be this like ugly money driven scheme. A lot of people turn it into that. I I am case in point that you don't have to do that. Like you can be passionate about something, you can be doing something your entire life and then eventually turn your hobby into a career and if you do it the right way without getting, you know, bent out of shape with money, which a lot of people do. they get corrupted with money, then you will stay on the great path and the right path and you'll continue to make imaginative and creative things that people will resonate with and they'll enjoy watching and you will have a very long-standing successful career and it'll just be a feedback loop where you will be more successful and you'll just be able to create better content. And that is basically my motto and what I've been striving for to just make better and better content and not just be stuck in the comfort of making fanfictions and whatever it might be. So if you do want to see more of this, I'm happy to dive into the analytic side of things. No problem. And uh we can get into that. This one, for example, uh was not monetized. It was copyrighted by uh a third party um by music. So, it made no revenue, but I still got 529 new subscribers to the channel just by watching it. And these reactions to the AI stuff are really fun and enjoyable for me because it's like the watch parties, but you know, there isn't a black screen in front of me. We can all watch it at the very same time and there's no extra work for on your end to prop it up on a TV or something like that. So, it's pretty sweet. I really like it and I'm really happy and excited with where we could go with this cuz there's so much new stuff to react to. So, if you are enjoying it too, it's another reason to throw a like on the video. Let me know. I don't get Mr. Reese's recommendations. The old content was great. Now it's just him yelling and burning random stuff. Burning money. Yeah. Well, it's, you know, he's come a long way just from counting down from what was it like a million or something or 100 thousand. Like, dude would just literally sit there in his room, record on his webcam, and then count down from an astronomically high number, and it would take like 15 hours. I mean, and and now he's where he's at. you know, he's worth billions of dollars and he's making entertaining content and he's like, you know, yeah, he's got his own chocolate line and burgers and all that. So, even the shittiest of the reacts make three times so absolutely understand it. Oh yeah, dude. Bro, like look at this. The the Bane video 75,000 views, 3,000 likes. Okay, that's like a lore. That's like double a lore video essentially. 600 comments yet like 500 bucks. And this is USD. All of this stuff is USD. credits. >> It's quite a bit to just sit on your ass and watch something. And this is coming from someone who's literally blood, sweat, and tears into making content about 16 hours on a video about Lando. It made 12 sense and I loved it. I was happy to make content cuz I'm like, "Holy [ __ ] dude. I get to make lore content." [ __ ] that I just talk about in forums, you know? I I remember I remember those days very very very vividly. I remember sitting in my chair, sleepless, typing scripts, researching [ __ ] if I didn't know something. Editing, [ __ ] editing, dude. My computer crashing. I remember all of those days. And uh and it was great. And it and it built the community. It built the channel. It obviously paid off financially. It was amazing. And I put that money into more projects and pushed the channel even further and further so that I was more than just a, you know, lore maker or what whatever. So, I find it interesting. What did this news video make? Yeah, not bad. I mean, still still though, editing went into this, like, you know, but it's it wasn't like that in the beginning. In the beginning, it was like, man, [ __ ] you know, a dollar, $2. That was before Google preferred, right? And I'm sharing this with you guys, not to gloat at all. [ __ ] Like, if you knew our our expenses every month, you'd be like, poor guy. But it's to show how things have changed and what I think is an interesting topic. Money is [music] always an interesting topic. And I know so many people are curious and uh I'm pretty transparent. So [music] that's that man. Yeah, pretty interesting. Pretty interesting stuff. [music] >> Now fulfill your destiny. [music] [music]