Game over. Netflix is not going to buy Warner Brothers. I repeat, Netflix is not going to buy Warner Brothers. They're not putting a counter offer in. It is over. They are backing out of the deal. That means Paramount is set to win by default. That means the Ellison's get control of Warner Brothers in addition to Paramount. And Blue Sky is already losing its collective [ __ ] So, we're going to talk about we're going to talk about this because this means they also get CNN, too, right? Paramount's deal was they were going to buy everything. It wasn't just the studio. It wasn't just the assets like like Netflix wanted. They wanted everything. That included all the uh television networks. That includes CNN. There is a very distinct possibility that CNN gets sold off, shut down, or put underneath Barry Weiss. That is going to be a very interesting turn of events. uh a very interesting turn of events and I have to wonder did Ted Sarandos I don't know if he actually even made it to Washington. He was supposed to go to Washington to talk to Donald Trump and I don't know if he even got that far cuz I think he was waiting to see what the Paramount uh counter offer is going to be and it was actually pretty high. It was like $31 a share and they had u given Netflix 4 days to make a counter offer and Netflix noped out um because Sarando said before he wasn't going to over overpay for it. Right. So I don't know if the Ellison's overpaid for it or not, but here we go. This is coming from the Hollywood Reporter. Just happened like 20 minutes ago. We just got We just got done recording a video talking about how it looked like Paramount might actually win and then they actually won. So, here it is. Netflix backs out of Warner Brothers bidding. Paramount set to win in a stunning twist. Not really if you're paying attention. The streaming giants cos say the major studio was always nice to have at the right price, but not a mustave at any price. Uh, in a stunning twist, Netflix is declining to raise its bid for Warner Brothers, positioning David Ellison's Paramount as the winner in the battle for the fabled studio. Netflix co-COS Ted Sandos and Greg Peters released a statement Thursday outlining their decision, namely that the deal is no longer financially attractive and that was always nice to have at the right price, but not a mustave at any price. And he did say this before. He said if the price was too high, he wasn't going to pay it because it wasn't worth it. Now, the Ellison's really want Warner Brothers. And look, Hollywood's going to be screeching about this because they don't like the Ellison's because of their connection to Trump. This is actually the best case scenario between the two. This is the best case scenario for Hollywood to continue uh business as usual. However, the political pendulum is going to swing very hard right in Hollywood. I believe because the Ellison's have both Paramount and Warner Brothers at this point. Now, what I also think is going to potentially happen is the shutdown of DC Comics as a publisher because Paramount lost $339 million last quarter. So, there's a lot of things that are going to go on here and we're going to see a lot of stuff get chucked overboard, I think. Um, yeah, but you know what the difference is? If Netflix had bought Warner Brothers, it'd be all streaming stuff. It would be all um you know, nothing would be physical. We wouldn't have the the release window in the theaters. They promised it. Ted Sarando's promised, oh, we're going to have you know, 45day window, whatever. [ __ ] [ __ ] Ted, you're just telling people what they want to hear. And I think really what did it for them, it wasn't just the price. I think he knew it was going to be very difficult to get this thing through uh regulatory hurdles because, you know, they got grilled, man. They got grilled uh by the feds over, you know, whether or not this would be a monopoly. They got grilled by the feds over whether or not, you know, they'd be just making a lot more, you know, LGBTQ Batman cartoons or whatever. And I'm going to be honest, however you feel about Trump, Trump wanted this to happen. And Blue Sky is like losing their [ __ ] Trump absolutely wanted this to happen. He hates CNN. He does. So now he can tell his friends, "Hey, shut it down or shut them up and that's how it's going to be, right?" And I, you know, I don't necessarily agree with that, but um they're going to get CNN and all the Cartoon Network, all of it. The Ellison, let that sink in. Cartoon stands that screech at us all the time. You got bigger things to worry about. The Ellison's have control of Cartoon Network now. They have control of Adult Swim. And I have to wonder if that doesn't have something to do with um Smiling Friends releasing the uh statement that they were just going to wrap it up after three seasons that they knew kind of that this was going to happen. I don't know. I don't know. Uh the transaction we negotiated, they said, uh would have created shareholder value with a clear path to regulatory approval. However, however, we've always been disciplined and at the price required to match Paramount Sky Danc's latest offer, the deal is no longer financially attractive, so we are declined to match Paramount's bid. They said Warner Brothers is a world-class organization, and we want to thank David Zazlav, Gunnar Weedenfields, Bruce Campbell, Brad Singer, and the W uh BD board for running a fair and rigorous process. We believe we would have been strong stewards of Warner Brothers iconic brands. press X to doubt and that our deal would have strengthened the entertainment industry and pres preserved and created more production jobs in the US. I do not believe that for one minute. I think it would have hollowed out what's left of Hollywood. And again, we can have all these Hollywood people screech about the politics, but the financial reality is there there was no business continuing as usual. I think Paramount is probably the closest thing to normal that that we were gonna get, right? The the the alternative was to let Netflix just basically have its way with Hollywood. And they've been doing that for years, right? I mean, they have been the streaming war started because all the studios thought they could compete with Netflix because they upended the business model and they all blew themselves up because they just weren't very good at it. Honestly, if if all these studios had just stayed in their lane, if they just stayed in their lane, just produced content and put it on Netflix's platform and let them be a distributor, I don't think Netflix would have gone um as hard in a paint to compete against them, and they would have saved millions and millions, if not billions of dollars, and they'd probably not have to sell themselves off. So, this is the end of the streaming wars. Well, we're going to have a three-way streaming war. I think we're going to have Paramount, Warner Brothers, whatever the hell they're going to call it, Sky Dance, P Dance, whatever we're going to call it. And uh then we're going to have Netflix, and then we're going to have Disney and Hulu. And that's, you know, uh this transaction was always nice to have. Yeah. Not at any price. With Netflix out, Paramount's latest bid is almost a sure thing to be accepted by the Warers board, which determined earlier Thursday that it was a superior proposal to Netflix. Netflix is a great company and throughout this process, Ted, Greg, Spence, and everyone there has been extraordinary, extraordinary partners to us. We wish them well in the future, says Zazlav. And there's not much they can do about it. I don't think David Zazzl is real happy about this. I think that there was a backroom deal going on between him and Sarandos the whole time. I think this this was the deal. I'm I'm going to get Warner Brothers prepped for you, you know, and uh you're gonna you're going to come in and buy us in like five years. That's what I think the deal probably was. But uh it didn't happen. But yeah, they can't they can't turn it down if it's too good of a deal. They literally cannot turn it down because it's not in the best interest of shareholders to turn it down. Once or our board votes to adopt the Paramount merger agreement, it will create tremendous value for our shareholders. We're excited about the potential to combine Paramount Sky Dance and Warner Brothers Discovery and can't wait to get started working together telling the stories that move the world. Uh peace, guys. His latest proposal was $31 a share, but had a number of other sweeteners, including a ticking fee payable to shareholders equal to 25 cents a quarter uh beginning after September 30th, as well as seven a $7 billion regulatory termination in the event the transaction does not close due to regulatory matters. That I'm telling you right now, that is not going to be a problem. That is not going to be a problem. This is like they already had their credit pre-checked by Trump. You think it's going to be a problem? They're going to this this one's going to go right through. I guarantee you they are not going to get the grilling that Netflix got. That's just my opinion. They're going to be like, "Oh yeah, the Ellison's go right ahead. Go right ahead." And by the way, shut down CNN. Paramount also agreed to pay the 2.8 billion termination fee that Warner Brothers would be required to pay to Netflix to terminate the existing merger agreement, which they said they would do. If all goes as expected, Netflix would be on the receiving end of that 2.8 billion sooner rather than later. Netflix shares soared by more than 10% in after hours trading. Yeah, because they're like, "Oh, good. You're not gonna bet the farm. You're not gonna bet the farm on Warner Brothers." Because it is a huge I mean, it's a huge huge purchase, right? I mean, this is what happened um to Disney after Fox. I mean, you can you can point back to the Fox acquisition as as a I think a critical point of failure in Bob Iger's um you know, uh term as as CEO that he massively overpaid for it. And you know, to their credit, they're like, "Yeah, it's just too much." Look, in business, you have to be prepared to walk away from anything, even things that you want very badly. And um yeah, it's kind of the same like we bought our one house and I'm like, I freaking love this house, but this is what we're willing to pay for it. And I'm not going to go I'm not going to get into an upside down mortgage just because we really love the house to go beat some other people. And they tried to be like, "Oh yeah, you know, all cash offer blah blah blah." I'm like, "Then take it. take it. And uh we walked away for about six months and then they came back and was like, "Oh, okay. Okay. We'll give you what we originally agreed upon." And that's that's how it goes, right? Uh we're pleased Warner Brothers board has affirmed the superior value of our offer, which delivers to Warner Brothers shareholders superior value, certainty, and speed to closing. Trump has already made sure of it. I'm just saying. Doesn't matter how you feel about him. Dems the facts. He wanted this to happen. I'm just saying. I'm just saying. Um, yeah. And I don't even know if Sarando's made it to Trump. Uh, because remember Trump was like, you fire Susan Rice and I have to wonder if that wasn't something that was going to come up. Like, I'm going to tell you what you're going to have to do if you want this thing to go through regulations and Susan Rice needs to shut her damn mouth. And Sarandas is like, you know what? It's not worth it. It's not worth it. The price just went up and we got to deal with this. Nope. We're good. Um, of course, a Paramount Mountain deal is not necessarily a sure thing. Yeah, right. US and European regulators still need to formally sign off and state attorneys general will have uh say as well. Already politicians are positioning themselves to challenge a deal. Elizabeth Warren called it an antirust disaster, but Netflix wasn't. Ellison's likely to be called before Congress to discuss it, and the politics of the deal are sure to come up. Sandos and Peters, meanwhile, say they will continue to pour cash into content. Netflix's business is healthy, strong, and growing organically, powered by our Slate and best-in-class streaming service. This year, we'll invest approximately 20 billion in quality films and series that will be in the theater for about 3 days now. We'll expand our entertainment offering. Uh, consistent with our capital allocation policy, we'll also resume our share repurchase program, blah blah blah blah. Bas and the shares went up. Uh, the shareholders are happy. I have to wonder if a lot of Netflix shareholders were not real happy with this whole thing. But Blue Sky, Blue Sky is not happy. Paramount right now. Uh Andrew here says, "Fuck Paramount. [ __ ] Sky Dance and [ __ ] David Ellison." Well, um let's see. Uh Waja Ali says, "ProTrump, pro- Netanyahu fanatics, Larry and David Ellison will most likely control Paramount CBS CNN HBO Warner Brothers, and Tik Tok." Oh, that's right. Tik Tok, too. I forgot about Tik Tok. Yeah. Yeah. Um, it's that era of media is officially over, whatever we want to call it. I mean, I don't know if people want to call it the the woke years, like the wonder years, but that that very progressive um, slant in Hollywood for the last 12ish years, it's over. I mean, we already knew it was ending because, you know, look at the movies are doing really well at the box office and the stuff that's not doing well, you know, same with the shows. And th this is officially it. This is the end of it. This is the end of it right here because the Ellison's have both Warner Brothers and Paramount. Now, am I concerned about the consolidation of power in the entertainment business? Oh, absolutely. It does. I mean there again there was no ideal scenario but as far as Hollywood's concerned as far as consumers are concerned I think the best case scenario probably was was Paramount. Um Carl Bode says there you go an overt technofascist Trump ally will now own CBS CNN HBO Paramount Warner Brothers Discovery and a big chunk of Tik Tok. Uh damn it Netflix. Really? I guess no more CNN HBO and Warner Brothers. I'm done. I refuse to support anything Paramount owns. Well, RIP Cartoon Network, RIP Nickelodeon, it's all over, right? So, effing tired of MAGA own crap. Um, Netflix won't counter Ellison's offer. Yeah, ladies and gentlemen, the full right-wing power grab is here and will now beamed into every home on CBS, CNN, HBO, Movies from Warner, and Paramount. Yeah, I wonder if they're not showing uh Snape yet. Tim Foil hat. Are they not showing Snape yet? cuz we're we're seeing all the kids for from Harry Potter and people are losing their crap over their their school uniforms because they're all colorcoded, but we haven't seen Snape yet. Are they like, "Well, Snape Snape is contingent on who actually buys the company." Uh, I don't know. I don't know. You just saying. Um, that seemed like to me that's the the a lot of the swaps and stuff they're doing with Harry Potter seemed like they're like, you know, Netflix might buy us if we if we already if we pre-Netflix ourselves. Um, Netflix backs out of Warner Brothers bidding. Yeah. So, there you go. You take it up with them. They just like they just rolled over. David Ellison, chairman, co Paramount is uh Lindsey Graham's guest to the State of the Union two days ago. You knew this was going to happen. Paramount getting rid of Warner Brothers Woke Movies. I presented without comment because you know what? Love it or hate it, that's probably what's going to happen. That's probably what's going to happen. Um, and this was a couple days ago. Paramount isn't chosen. They will cry to daddy. I I think they knew. I think Netflix knew it was going to be very very hard. It was going to be very hard to get this one through. So, it's going to be interesting though because Paramount, as I brought up before, they're not doing well financially. Um, they lost $339 million in Q4 and now they're going into debt for billions of dollars for Warner Brothers. Like, I don't know, man. They're going to start tossing stuff overboard. They're going to start tossing everything overboard that does not make money. And they're going to go out of their way, I think, to try to make money. And I recorded a video earlier, and there these are going to be out of order, but the episode I did earlier was talking about Star Trek. And I'm telling you, this is it for Starfleet Academy. There is no more Starfleet Academy after this because one, it costs too much. And two, Ellison's this is not going to happen. I think CNN's cooked, too. That's it. So, that's all folks. Going to wrap it up. Please subscribe. We'll talk later.