Toledo police officer is charged with theft tonight. >> Holland police say he stole multiple times from Walmart. >> You know, every once in a while you see a story that's so stupid, so absurd, so ridiculous that you just want to laugh at said story. And a perfect example of this is this case out of Toledo, Ohio, where you have surveillance video that indicates that a Toledo, Ohio police officer was stealing items from Walmart. However, when you look at the valuation of said items, what you realize is that this guy just threw his entire career away and got banned from all Walmart locations due to the fact that he was stealing items valued at a couple of dollars. Yes, it is absolutely embarrassing. Yes, it is absolutely ridiculous. But before we get into that, I want to thank everybody who supports this channel and doesn't steal from me when I'm not looking over at actualjusticewarrior.com/join. Well, I got a tip last week to look into Officer Gregory Long. He's accused of stealing from two Walmart locations, the one on Glendale and the one in Holland on four separate occasions. >> So, the officer at the center of this case is called Officer Gregory Long. Now, of course, this is just an accusation at this point in time, or as the super mayor would like to call it, these are just alleations, >> false alleations and not facts. But in reality, it appears that based on the surveillance video at these various Walmart locations that this man is caught dead to rights. And unfortunately, Officer Long doesn't have any long-term thinking skills because he decided that he was going to toss his entire career away over a couple of dollars worth of items. It's ridiculous. It's absurd. However, I do want to point out that a lot of people want to say that poverty is the cause of all criminality. And I actually do have a clip of Officer Long's union representative from the previous union negotiations that might actually indicate that they did not get the deal that they wanted. So maybe, just maybe, poverty is in fact the cause of this criminality. Let us cut to the clip of those union negotiations so you could see what I mean. >> I give me the money. Give you give me the money. Okay, >> that union rep definitely makes a solid compelling case for giving those officers more money. And look who has to suffer. It is the folks over at Walmart that have to deal with the consequences of the city not pwning up to this particular officer. >> A Holland police report states officer Long was wearing a Toledo police t-shirt with a badge logo on the front of it when he was caught on video going through the selfch checkout in May bagging but not scanning a $1.97 block of cheddar cheese. So, when you look at this police report, it says on 5225, suspect 1 failed to scan $1.97 worth of items at the selfch checkout register and proceeded to exit the store passing the point of sale without offering payment for the unpaid item. And in case you thought this was a mistake, on June 4th of this year, he failed to scan 28.92 worth of merchandise at the selfch checkout register and proceeded to exit the store, passing the point of sale without offering payment of the unpaid items. The total value for the four items is $30.89 between the two incidents Walmart is prosecuting. Person one was able to obtain photos of suspect one was in the store on both days which he was wearing a Toledo Police Department shirt with a badge logo on the front of the shirt on 52225. The photos obtained by person one match the same person both days suspect one was in the store. Persons one was also able to a photo Jesus this is written very horribly of suspect one license plate when he was in the store on 5225. The vehicle suspect one drove to the store on both days was a black color Chevy Tahoe with the same license plate. So other than the fact that this police report is written absolutely horribly. It looks like it was AI generated which honestly should be a crime in and of itself. We also have the surveillance video that does depict Officer Long in his police sweatshirt with a badge on it indicating that he works for the Toledo police. And of course, we have the still image where he looks like the most suspicious man humanly possible. Again, you would think somebody who deals with criminals on a day-to-day basis would look less criminal, less suspicious, less notable while he's stealing products. But I also have to point out that we're talking about a guy who threw his entire career away for what looks like to be under $100 worth of stuff. Now, to be clear, I do not condone stealing from the selfch checkout. I understand that a lot of you will go to the local store that happens to be near me, find out that heavy cream is really expensive, decide that you're going to scan the half and half twice in order to get a discount. But I in no way, shape, or form condone this behavior because in reality, it's not worth it. And again, you're hurting your local store. And obviously, I'm joking about a method of theft that's actually slicker than the one that this guy actually operated under. But I do remember an incident at a Walmart where a friend of mine actually had a microwave in the down part of the cart that he was buying for a member of his family and he forgot to scan it with the regular checkout, not the selfch checkckout. and he actually did the honorable thing and brought it back in and ended up paying for it because that's what you're supposed to do. And the friend that I'm talking about, not a police officer. The friend that I'm talking about, an actual normal, upstanding everyday person who doesn't exactly work a great job with union benefits, and he still managed to be able to pull that off. However, we have an officer right here that's stealing petty items like candy. And some of this stuff is valued under $2. It's embarrassing. Less than two weeks later, Long is on this video, the same day he's accused of going through a selfch checkout without scanning or paying for nearly $29 worth of cinnamon sticks and razor blades. The Holland Police report states all of this was discovered when loss prevention workers from the Glendale Walmart notified the Holland store that a Toledo police officer had stolen from that location and had also shopped at the Holland location. Now, look, we don't have Walmarts in New York City. You have to go upstate or out to Long Island in order to find them in and around me. But are the cinnamon sticks at Walmart that good that you're willing to waste your whole career, all the time you've served as a police officer in order to get them? I understand that these criminals, according to the leftwing, are innocent Bubba Angel Aladdins just trying to feed their starving family. But do Cinnamon 6 and Razor Blades have the best nutritional value for said starving family? Are we really going to say that this guy had any kind of logical thought process in what he was actually stealing? And are we not going to point out that blowing your career on under $30 worth of stuff, a lot of it being candy and treats, is absolutely ridiculous? I mean, come on, guys. This is madness. This is insane. What are you doing? And again, you're wearing a Toledo police officer shirt. People understand that you're stealing. They understand that it's very easy to track you down based on the fact that you are quite literally telling people where you work, but for whatever reason, you decided to go for it anyway. And you look like an absolute goof in each and every one of these surveillance videos. Again, embarrassing. And by the way, even though places like Toledo, Ohio don't go hard on shoplifterss due to Black Lives Matter reforms, in reality, people are going to take the first opportunity possible to go after you as a police officer. So again, that under $100 worth of stuff that you got caught stealing definitely was not worth it. According to the report, the Holland detective obtained the video images of Long at the checkouts and compared them to one another and then to his license plate from video in the parking lot. I received two reports on the alleged thefts at the Glendale location in July. In one, he's accused of stealing an item valued under $4. In another, he's accused of combining two bags of turtles candy into one bag and only paying for the one bag. A Toledo police spokesperson tells me Officer Long is under investigation by internal affairs and he cannot comment on the nature of the investigation per a contract. >> Now look, there's a phrase that a picture is worth a thousand words. And in reality, the actual phrase people should operate on is that pictures lie. However, in this particular case, it is very unfortunate that you guys out there in the audience are listening via podcast for those of you who are because this guy at the register at this moment in this still image looks like the most suspicious man humanly possible. He's quite literally looking over his shoulder as he takes out his wallet. And again, he's doing this for candy. He's doing this for items valued under $4. He is going through all this, doing the shifty eye thing, looking over his shoulder for what? For absolutely nothing. Again, insane. Ridiculous. Not shame on me. Shame on y'all. >> Shame on y'all >> for participating in this for such little value. >> Officer Long is due in Sylvania Municipal Court for arraignment on September 3rd for the alleged Holland thefts. I will also note in the Glendale reports it stated that due to his being a known officer in the community, Walmart's loss prevention team didn't feel comfortable apprehending him. He is also no longer allowed at any Sam's Club or Walmart properties. I called Long and a person from his number returned my call but said it wasn't him. >> So, he actually committed these crimes in two different jurisdictions. So, it appears that internal affairs is handling one investigation while of course the Holland Police Department is handling the other. And again, he's due in court in September in order to go over these charges. But in reality, this guy seems pretty much dead to rights. Also, for those of you out there in my audience who are absolute preverts who are waiting for me to comment on the fact that this local news lady is an attractive lady, yes, she is. Obviously, that's why this guy ended up calling her back, but said that he was a different person because, you know, he is playing the long game in one way in that he wanted to meet this reporter right here. And probably he's trying to make it happen. But in reality, if you can't go to Walmart to get what you need for that picnic date, this woman is not going to be interested. I'm just telling you what I know based on the facts of this particular case. But, of course, I want to know what you guys think about all this down in the comments below. Do you think this officer is maybe one of the dumbest cops on the planet? If not, do you have a better example of that? Also, what do you guys think about these particular Walmart locations coordinating with one another, getting the surveillance video, putting together the evidence for this investigation on this retail theft when we seen a great number of Walmart locations just remove their selfch checkckouts due to theft, and essentially close down locations in neighborhoods where it's so prominent? I mean, it seems a little odd comparatively that this guy got busted, but then again, he quite literally is wearing stuff to indicate he works for the police. He made it incredibly easy for them. Also, if you were to look at a bunch of still images of surveillance video, this guy sticks out like a sore thumb as the shifty individual committing the crimes. Again, all your thoughts down in the comments below. As per usual, if you like this video, show them by leaving a like. Subscribe for more content. Follow me on the social medias. Support me via the support links in the description of this video. This has been me talking about a Toledo police officer being arrested for theft.