Sean Strickland, UFC champ, uh has caused an absolute nuclear meltdown for talking the way that any guy talks and sharing some very hard truths. Absolutely unloading on women's women's sports, the LGBTQ community, and of course, Bad Bunny, the woke NFL, and more. executing perfectly what Dana White wanted and creating massive headlines ahead of his fight on Saturday. I believe it's Saturday. Um he trolled his opponent by dressing up in an ICE uniform and did exactly what Dana White wanted him to do. Now the woke left-wing media is trying to go after Paramount and trying to go after uh um the UFC to ban him, but we know Dana White's not going to do that. So, all they can do is scream into the wind. And let's look at a little bit of the meltdowns here. So, we have uh here uh Sean Strickland spews more awful LGBTQ slurs at the NFL, Bad Bunny, and everyone else. UFC and Paramount Plus allow Sean Strickland to spew hate and horrific slurs. Well, they allow the leftwing media to say all sorts of heinous, unhinged stuff about Republicans, and nobody has a problem with that. Now, admitted, it isn't the language that I would use knowing I was on TV, but Sean Strickland is in charge of making this fight popular, getting people to want to tune in. And he fights Anthony Hernandez uh coming up this weekend, who's big mad about uh him dressing up as Ice. The latest example of the former UFC middleweight champion showcasing his pathetic fact came on Wednesday in UFC media day ahead of the fight against Anthony Hernandez on Saturday. By the way, now it's a fight I'll be tuning in for. I don't agree with everything Sean Strickland said. I thought he was wildly disrespectful to Gina Corano. Uh I'll be cheering for Gino Carano massively in her comeback fight. Uh I think that's in May. Look, I know she's not 21 anymore, but neither is Ronda Rousey. I believe that Gina has the heart of a champion and I think she can win. And um Shawn obviously, you know, doesn't and that's fine. He knows the sport better than I do. Strickland again ran through his tired list of phobic, misogynistic, islamophobic, and xenophobic tropes. He saved his most vitriolic statements for the NFL and Super Bowl halftime performer bad bunny. calling the multi-time grammar winner the bundle of sticks word and calling the NFL real gay. Well, shocker. This is how guys talked about it. How this is how real men talked about the NFL halftime show, right? Look at the NFL, dude. You have that I don't even want to say that that bundle of sticks guy's name. The halftime show, the Puerto Rican that effing bundle of sticks word. Strickland said, "It's so crazy that this is America now. Bigotry and stupidity on full display. I can't wait until this  is rendered insignificant to the point where his name is never mentioned and never remembered." It's always going to be remembered. He's a champion. Moment he was a championship caliber was the moment I was out. Uh, may the gods bless us with a Bryce Mitchell toe curling. Yeah. Hopefully they castrate the sport and sterilize it so nobody sounds like you. Nobody like you and likes what you like. That sounds cool. Crying like he wants. I mean, he perfectly set he set the perfect trap for the woke media and now it's on every single website. UFC fighter strong goes on a phobic rant about Bad Bunny Ronda Rousey during MMA's league media day. No one gives an F about women's sports. They don't. The NBA doesn't even care about women's sports. Name three WNBA, current WNBA players that are not Angel Reese or uh the white chick whose name escapes me now. Even the best player in the WNBA. I can't think of her name. I literally can't think of her name. No disrespect to her. She seemed like a nice lady. Okay. But no, nobody cares about women's sports. They are a fan of the white girl going up against a bunch of black athletes. Uh, that's why people liked the Indiana, the girl from Indiana. Why can't I think of her name? See, that's what I mean. MMA fighter Strickland went on a bigoted tirade Wednesday during UFC media event during which he called Big Bunny the bundle of sticks words the f uh word and said women have been empowered too much to the point where they've ruined society. Strickland participated in the media day to promote his fight with Anthony Hernandez on Saturday night that will air on Paramount Plus. This fight marked Strickland's first bout since he was susp suspended from the UFC in July for attacking another fighter while working as a corner man during the event. Paramount did not immediately respond to Variety's demand that they, you know, for comment. Reps for the UFC also ignored them. That's exactly what you do to these woke scolds. You just ignore them. You just say, you know what, okay, it's like when uh JD Vance expertly showed the world how to deal with this. What do you say to those that were offended? Be offended. That's that's what that's what he's, you know, that's what they're saying. All right. Well, cool. You're offended. Cool. And I guarantee you the viewership for Saturday's event will definitely be. Now, I can't say it's an all-time high. It's not Conor McGregor, but it's going to be what Dana White wants. Now, he wants Shawn Strickland to put on a good fight, which, you know, all of us will want. And the great thing is that it's on Paramount. So a guy like me who wouldn't normally pay any money to watch a UFC fight can watch it because I already have Paramount Plus. When asked about Netflix's upcoming MMA match between Ronda Rousey and Gina Corano, Strickland called the event an insane idea and suggested they should fight half clothed, which they do already. He then joked about Rousey's terrible relationship with her ex-boyfriend. Ronda Rousey can fight. Strickland said that bee can fight. I think she's lost a few fights to her ex, but she can fight. He then said of Carano, "I like Gina. She's super conservative. She was hot. You know, I was like a kid when she fought. I enjoyed myself to her once or twice back in the day. Again, I don't care for that. Gina Carano is somebody that I really like um you know, who gave me an interview uh when she was in the movies and has always had kind words for me and somebody I stood up for. Gina Chrono in her prime versus Ronda Rousey in her prime. I don't know how that fight shakes out. You know, the women are training differently now. But you know what? Sean Sprinkler didn't have all that energy when you have, you know, 100-year-old Mike Tyson against uh what you know, Jake Paul or whatever or past his prime uh what's his name against Logan Paul, right? We all know what the Gina Chrono uh Ronda Rousey fight is. It's an exhibition. And you know what? More people will tune into that. This is the thing that Sean knows this. More people are going to tune in to 40-year-old Ronda Rousey against 40-year-old Gina Carano than any other female UFC fight probably since maybe peak Ronda Rousey versus the girl that kicked her butt. Maybe. Maybe. I mean, it's going to be massive. I'm going to watch it and I'm going to be cheering for Gina. In the later comments and uh about the NFL, Strickland called the Super Bowl halftime performer bad bunny a bundle of sticks word uh you know the f-word and lamented on the days when the National Football League was the effing standard of being a man. I think they all got together on the table said you know what guys how do we ruin this sport? How do we gay it up? Strickland said mocking NFL leadership. Why don't we bring in a gay foreigner who doesn't speak English to have him perform the halftime show uh based tell me where the lie was. You can be offended about anything Sean Strickland said yesterday, but you can't call him a liar. You just can't. Two middle-aged women fighting. Yeah, they are two middle-aged women fighting. and it's the only female bout that I've been interested in that I will be interested in. Now, I assume that the rest of the people that cover Gina Corano's cancellation from Disney will be also tuning in to something that they wouldn't wouldn't normally be tuning into. Again, I know what it is, but if you have a problem with Gina v Ronda Rousey, then you have a problem with um you know, 50-year-old Mike Tyson fighting or uh Logan Paul fighting the other boxer. I can't think of his name uh right now. Um again, boxing I've always felt is ready, so I never really cared about it. Uh but Anthony Hernandez is big mad now. Again, I need Shawn Strickland to back up all this trash talking. You know, Ronda Rousey hasn't been hasn't fought since getting KO'ed in 48 seconds by Amanda Nunees in in 2016. The 39year-old later revealed her retirement was due to a long history of concussion issues. Corano hasn't competed since f falling to her lone MMA loss against Chris Cyborg in 2009. The 43-year-old Deadpool star has built a successful second career in acting over the past 17 years. Now, Carano is returning to fighting, but everyone except Sean Strickland appears to be excited about it. Yeah, I'd agree with that. He's got no interest in it. I I'll tell you who does. Normies. Normies have a lot of interest in it. Normies will be cheering for Gina Corano. I I don't really even have anything against um I don't have anything against Ronda Rousey to be honest with you other than the fact that she said the only reason she took this fight is because Gina Gano had gained an unhealthy amount of weight and she was doing her a favor. Nobody's talked about Ronda Rousey in 5 years. Ronda Rousey needs this fight just as much as Gina Corano does in in terms of a career thing. And I hope no matter what, both, you know, competitors don't suffer any long-term injuries and they but it opens up, you know, some new opportunities for them is what I'm hoping. You know, Sean Stricken just went insane. It is UFC Paramount Media. I can't even play what he said. He's not wrong about Corono. First time I've ever seen women's fighter hotter than the ring girls. Yep. Yep. You know, I I just Puerto Ricans aren't foreigners. Well, technically true. UFC champ Sean Stricken slams NFL for uh Bad Bunny and many many more things. I mean, this is an expert class in promoting his fight two days before the fight. And I'm challenging anyone to find the lie in what he said. Now, I disagree with him about Gina Carano, but he's probably not wrong. He knows fighting more than I do. Um, but absolutely based and and Chad Pilled and uh I'll be I will be cheering for him come uh Saturday. Absolutely positively. I hope he walks out of the ring in an ice uniform. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, make sure you leave a like on it. If you haven't, please subscribe or follow down below and we'll talk to you again real soon.