It's no secret that the list of movies I'm genuinely excited for in 2026 is thinner than your average Hollywood actress since the discovery of Vasmpic. But one of the standouts for me was Project Hail Mary, a science fiction adventure based on an excellent novel of the same name. It had, in theory at least, all the elements I've been craving from Hollywood in recent years. a genuinely interesting concept based on an original IP that isn't a sequel or a reboot of some dinosaur franchise from 40 years ago. A complex narrative that delves into a bit of hard science that doesn't insult the audience's intelligence. And all built around a heartwarming story of friendship and loyalty that transcends language, culture, and even species in this case. The only question was whether co-directors Phil Lord and Chris Miller would be able to do it justice. And the answer, thank God, is yes. Project Hail Mary is one of those rare beasts these days that manages to strike the perfect balance in pretty much every respect. A big budget blockbuster that's more than just a bunch of dumb characters in big green rooms saying lines designed for trailers, allowing the story to unfold at its own pace without rushing or getting bogged down. Delivering some decent action set pieces without using them as a crutch. working in a bit of levity without devolving into parody, emphasizing the importance of logic, rationality, and science to overcome problems, and most importantly, never losing sight of the very human story at its core. In short, it's a really godamn good movie that actually made me feel positive and optimistic by the time the credits rolled. And to explain why, allow me to furnish you with a non-spoilery plot synopsis. The movie opens cold with our main man, Dr. Ryland and Grace waken up from an induced coma aboard the spaceship the Hail Mary which is now light years away from Earth somehow. The rest of the crew died when their life support machines failed on route, leaving him alone with no memory of how he got there, who he is, or what he's supposed to be doing. But as his memories slowly start to return, we learn through a series of flashbacks that planet Earth is in crisis. The sun's energy is literally being consumed by a space parasite known as astrophase. And if something isn't done about it soon, the planet will freeze within a couple of generations and humanity will be wiped out. The only hope is one particular star about 11 light years from Earth, which seems to be the only one that isn't affected by the astroofage. So, the Hail Mary was created to travel there using the astrophase itself as fuel, figure out what the is happening, and hopefully return the data to Earth so they can replicate it in time to save the worlds. Boy, that escalated quickly, huh? No pressure then. Grace has just come to terms with all of this stuff when suddenly he discovers he's not alone in this solar system. Another spacecraft from another world has also arrived here. And before long they make the first clumsy attempt to communicate with him. What follows is a slow, often humorous but always fascinating relationship that develops between Grace and Rocky, his fellow traveler, who he eventually discovers was sent here on the same mission as himself because his own son is being consumed by the astrophage as well. And given that they're literally the only sentient beings within like a billion miles, the two agree to work together to find a solution. But will they uncover the secret to saving both their worlds in time? And when unforeseen disasters threaten them both, will Grace choose loyalty to his new friend or his own future? There's a lot of things to praise about Project Hail Mary. And I might as well start with the biggest and most obvious one, the friendship between Grace and Rocky, which forms the emotional heart of the story and might be one of the best examples I can think of for how to create an empathetic but genuinely alien character that you can't help but like because he's actually well written and well-developed instead of looking like a person merged with a cat and painted blue because it's cute. He's basically a giant crab made out of stone. He doesn't even have a face, but he works as a character because of a potent combination of excellent writing and great puppeteering that invests him with way more personality and likability than the entire Na'vi race combines. And I say puppeteering because that's exactly what they used here. He's actually a physical presence in the movie instead of some shitty CGI creation. He's funny, quirky, and weird because he obviously doesn't understand human culture. He's highly intelligent, but in a way that functions very differently from us. But he's also loyal and trusting, willing to risk his life for grace. And in a pretty heartwarming little scene, he's crushingly lonely and desperate for any kind of interaction after years spent alone, even if it's with a completely alien species. It's this universal and very human need for connection that really drives the bond between these two characters. And it lets you overcome the fact that it's basically Ryan Goslin interacting with a walking puppet. Speaking of which, in a movie that's pretty sparse on human characters, Gossling obviously has to do most of the heavy lifting here. And man, he rises to the occasion pretty well. We're more used to seeing him playing stoic, quiet, brooden sort of characters. So, it's a nice change of pace to watch him pull off a more verbose, high energy kind of role. He's highly intelligent and resourceful, but he's also geeky,  scared, and overwhelmed by the task he's facing. And well, you can kind of understand why. He's definitely not a hero when you first meet him. and he has some very human moments of vulnerability and self-doubt, but he grows into something much stronger and better by the ends. So, basically, you've got two very contrasting but likable characters with different skill sets who learn to pull their resources to overcome a seemingly impossible problem. I mean, it's not exactly rocket science. Oh, wait. I guess it kind of is, but it's very effective. And when it's implemented properly, it's a joy to watch. You're instantly rooting for both of these characters because they very much earned it. There's a strong theme running through Andy Weir's books about the importance of rationality, science, clear methodical thinking, and patient determination to overcome massive challenges. Just like in The Martian, where Mark Wattney has to science the  out of his situation, patiently solving one problem after another to keep himself alive. So, Hail Mary follows the same pattern. Grace and Rocky not only have to overcome the problem of mutual communication, but also the much bigger challenges of figuring out how to stop the astroofage and how to get that information back to their home planets. Not to mention a bunch of unforeseen challenges and disasters that hit them along the way. It's a battle that's fought with hard work creativity experimentation and improvisation rather than some big contrived action scene. Yeah, the film does gloss over a few segments and plot points from the book that would have been too long-winded and tedious to show on screen, but for the most part, it's pretty faithful to the source material. And I don't know, man. It's just nice to see a big budget movie that actually credits its audience with a bit of intelligence and maturity for a change. We used to get films like this all the time, believe it or not, and I think they're long overdue a resurgence. Will you get more out of the experience if you've read the book first? Probably, but I don't think it's essential. There's more than enough here for you to grapple with as an audience all by itself. Ultimately, I went into Project Hail Mary with high hopes, and for once, the film absolutely lived up to them. It's an exciting, tense, funny, heartwarming, and inspiring story of friendship, sacrifice, and loyalty set against the backdrop of an epic science fiction adventure with the highest stakes imaginable. A movie that tells its story and tells it well. And for that reason, it gets a drinker recommends from me. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.