[Music] Shadow of So Shad, what's up? How's the machete band been going? Well, uh, just the other night, like only a couple of nights passed, two teenagers were murdered by gang members with machetes. Other teenagers with machetes. So, not good then. Not good. It's literally doing nothing cuz who would have thought exactly what was said, criminals don't care about following the law and haven't handed in their machetes. Shock, horror. It's almost as if they weren't the problem to begin with. Yeah. Yeah. It's almost like there's an underlining issue that could be addressed. And it's so frustrating, right? The government far from protecting its citizens, it's literally going out of its way to prevent its citizens from protecting themselves. They are actively undertaking measures whereby citizens are more vulnerable than ever before because you know one of the best ways in which I something the government could do to help enable citizens law-abiding citizens to protect themselves. What do you think they could do? I don't know. Let them defend themselves. Let them defend themselves. Let them wear things that can protect them. Let them use non-lethal things to protect themselves. Oh, screw non-lethal. I say full lethal, right? Like unironically, far from banning machetes, if they actually encourage citizens to carry machetes on them just for self-defense, that alone would be enough of a deterrent that the the crime and and and violence attacks would be harved. And the ones that do still go forward, you'd largely be able to fend yourself off just by swinging back. But don't you find it funny that there wasn't like originally too much legislation on machetes before all of this, but yet like pepper spray and stuff were like super legal? Like does that make make it make sense? Pepper spray. Pepper spray. And something I This brings up one of my favorite quotes is that they might not know they might not know pepper spray is illegal here. Oh yeah. Tasers, pepper spray, all anything. If you want to defend yourself self-defense you're not allowed to. The government wants its citizens to be vulnerable and to be attacked and murdered. That's what they want. Scum. The scum of the freaking earth. These politicians, man. I swear. Well, my favorite quote in this is, "If you're in a life or death situation, don't worry. Where the seconds matter, the police are minutes away." So, Tyrant and I have talked about things that you can do to defend yourself in the modern day. Highly recommend the videos. Now, in this video specifically, we want to discuss how you can more specifically defend yourself from a machete attack because they're still going on. They're still happening. Okay. And so, how could you defend yourself against a machete attack? Cuz here's the thing. Running away doesn't always work. The attack that I saw, I can show blurred footage. Literally, a victim trying to run away, and the offender chases him down, slashes him in the back of the head with a freaking machete, the guy drops. I want to make this clear. None of this is like we're not giving you legal advice. We're not giving you self-defense advice. We're just telling you our opinions on these particular things and how we may or may not do bad in a particular situation. Now, running away from a situation is good advice, but it doesn't always but it's contextual cuz I mean if you're cornered, you can't run away or for example if you don't have good stamina. Like for example, my stamina ever since I was a little kid has never been the best. So running away in a situation I'm like well if you use all your beginning energy in a burst of offensive aggression that could be enough to scare them off. Criminals for the most part are cowards and as soon as they think the tables have turned against them and they'll get they'll 99% of them are not trained in anything. So, it's it you can at least say I would rely on my training and I'm making a conscious decision that I know that if I run away, I'm probably going to put myself in a worse physical position, especially because I'm going to have to turn my back to them and things like that. So, it's contextual, right? But in a general sense, most people will say to run away cuz that is generally considered probably some good advice, especially if you got people around, especially if there are police nearby and especially if you can run really really fast. Yeah, if you can run fast p first option right now, in case you're wondering, there are many legal exemptions to own a machete. We have legal exemptions to have these in the video. We have a video dedicated explaining them. So, where there are so many exemptions, it's the point where the the government is actually lying to most Victorian citizens saying you got to get rid of your machetes. You're not allowed them when they actually very well might qualify. So, if you are attacked by someone with a machete, let's build up to that. What can you do if you are unarmed and someone was attacking you with a machete and you can't escape, right? So, if you're the attacker, here is the thing, okay? Most people will be deathly afraid of machete. It's a weapon. It's scary, which is okay. It's fine. But here's the thing. If you've studied weapons and studied real combat and and actual altercations with these weapons, lacerations, even deep lacerations are rarely lethal. It takes multiple lacerations to actually kill someone. And idiots using these often times won't know how to target the vulnerable areas. Okay? And if you can't run away, if I was honestly in a position where I had to defend myself and and I knew an idiot was going to come out with me a shet, I would tank a cut on my arm, preferably wearing a thick material. Now, I'm wearing a gambison here, which is actually a a a grade of medieval armor. We did a full video on this, specifically with machetes. And if you have a reasonably substantial uh good quality gamberson, it will probably be able to tank at least like one or two hits from a reasonably working edge of a machete. Most machetes are not razor sharp. This has an edge. It's not razor sharp. And so it actually has trouble cutting through this thick coarse material. Now this here I believe is a linen gamberson. So like this is not really 100% what I would want to pick. But we live in a world where swordsmanship is a sport as well. And we've gotten really good at creating materials specifically to protect people cuz we don't want to die when we're sparring and things like that. So 350 Newton is like kind of what I would say is what most people use and is is reasonably fine, right? But there's also like 800 nude. And you can get a reasonably customtailored fencing jacket in different styles cuz some of them, you know, rather historical or whatever, but you can get some like this one here, uh, that obviously shad's got the logos over it, but if there was no logos on that, they would just look like a navy jacket, uh, that are perfectly legal cuz there's nothing illegal about them. It's just how they're constructed and the outer layers of material and stuff. And all of a sudden, you have something that you could wear that's comfortable, stylish, that can probably tank at least one or two of them. Yeah. At least. Right. You need to resort to the most dirty level of street fighting you can imagine. I'm talking about grabbing ears and ripping as hard as you can, eye gouging, and biting, right? The the most nasty. And then go for the balls. Rip them off. like the most vicious level of heightened aggression that you can do to scare them off. Again, all of this is so it is what would be what type of environment do you have to your advantage? Use it to your advantage. Do you have people around you? Do you have anything that you can use in any sort of capacity as offensively? A chair. A chair like if you're in a food court for example, a chair, a chair is actually create barriers and it's also a force multiplier. These sorts of things are important. So, like we said, this is not self-defense advice cuz it's super contextual man. I'm saying what I would do. And again, that kind of like savage beast mode thing that I was giving. It's if I had no other options, right? Be much better if I had a weapon. Now, I wouldn't necessarily call this a weapon. I would say literally not. I would say this is a medical device that could be used for your own protection if you're ever brought to that situation. Yeah, that's an odd thing to have on you there Torren. I'm a nerd. Yeah, you are. I you know, if you're in a place uh where you're going to a Comic-Con or you're just going, you're dressing up, you're doing whatever. This is a toy. It looks like a toy. And honestly, I was skeptical when Tyran mentioned it because I was thinking too um I guess too. No, no, no. I was I was too focused on the convention. I was thinking too conventionally. That's what I was because there's two aspects cuz I do think for example, if we used it conventionally, it does create distance. Now, these blades aren't super heavy, but they are made of polycarbonate. They're for sparring. So, they are actually quite durable. Can we put in the clip of you, me and Nate hitting each other with them? They they can uh they can hurt. They can have some zip on them. Oh, lovely. All right. Three, two, one. See, I hit light. Come here. Come here. Tell me that was light. Come here. But again, if you're trained with something like this face, throat, groin, thrusting with this, this is a it's not a sharp point, but it's a pointed point. Mhm. It will hurt. But there is a much better use. You see, this is where historical sources come in. Chad, they history. Mh. How that bad boy cuz this is a big old pummel. That is a chunky bit of steel you have there, Tyrant. Now, not all lightsabers are like this one, obviously, but this one also does have a magical crossuard again. So, these sorts of things. This is unironically a mace. Shut up, Shad. I'm It is not a mace. It is not a weapon. It is a toy. This is a toy that you might be able to uh utilize for your own protection end times. If you have the knowledge and the will, there is a way. Well, because here in Victoria, Australia, you're not allowed to carry anything on you for the purpose of self-defense. But you're allowed to use equivalent force against what is using against you. And if you have something just circumstantially on your person that equates to the force they're using against you, then you're allowed to use it. It's dumb, but that's how it works. You may look like a nerd. Yeah. You may look a bit funny, but this is allowed where we are. This is allowed. And I would much prefer to have this than nothing. Like this is a chunky bit of steel and it's got it's got ridges and edges. Yeah. Like so now it'll survive a couple of hits. What? What will from like a machete? If you hit something here, this is not going to survive too well. Oh yeah, they will. I've smashed this. You have, haven't you? They can handle some like how do I describe? It's not going to last you. Like I'm not going to go into battle mult definitely. So that's that's why I brought these up cuz these blades here, they are a proper impact polycarbonate that are used for repeated strikes and you can carry them. You can carry them on you. Just saying. Other things that you might have on you that you do not carry for the purpose of self-defense, but could be utilized to protect yourself with equivalent force if it's being used against you. Car keys. Car keys. Belt. Belts. Um just something that is able to like think of it like the throwing star, a throwing throwing knife defense. Yes. Distraction, you know, uh uh flinches, things like that where you can create openings. One of the best I do think is if you need a walking cane, a medical assisted device. And by the way, it's not just for medic medication, right? Walking canes are stylish, you know, accessories. I think you could take one with you. Like there's no law against just having one for, you know, I don't I style. I mean, I agree with you. I just don't think they're very stylish for younger younger gents. I think they're dapper these days. Look at this thing. Um I really like them. I I also know that there's a full art form in it. I mean, there's the the the the what are they called? The Sherlock Holmes stick fight stuff. There there's actually there is actually martial art treatises on the Irish like Blackthorn sticks. There's a whole Yeah. So, this is perfectly viable as well. It's just one of those things where do you want to carry around a walking cate or a lightsaber? Which way, Western man? You would look less out of place with a walking cape. I don't know, man. I mean, I'm getting older and I'm getting a bunch of bloody injuries on, you know, feet and stuff. So, it's like, yeah, I already have a I have a medical condition which justifies having a walking cane on me and I do use one for just leaning on. You might have noticed that here on Shadowver, we love medieval weapons. But has the age of medieval weapons passed? Well, you might be surprised. There are still a lot of medieval weapons that are useful in the modern day. No joke. In fact, we have a full exclusive video exploring what is the best weapon medieval weapons for the modern day that you could still actually use. And if you're wondering what the answer to that is, well, all you need to do is sign up and become a supporter. Just $1 a month. That's where it begins. And you get all the exclusive content. That's $12 in a year. We appreciate anyone who's willing to support us in this way. For some, we understand that is a lot of money and we appreciate the sacrifice. For others, you might think that it's so little that it's no point, but there really is a point. That is the thing that is saved us. We would be done if not for your support like that for just that $1 a month, $12 a year. It helps more than we can express. And YouTube, the way it's going, the only way that you can ensure that you get the content that you actually like, YouTube doesn't recommend it based on subscriptions, views are apocalyptic across the platform. And so if you want to ensure that you get this content, the only way to make or enable creators to continue doing it is by supporting them in this way. That is it. And if you want to ensure that you keep getting sore content you love, please be willing to offer that just $1 a month and it helps out more than we can express because if enough do it and so many of you are showing up to the offer that support well here able to make the content you love thanks to that. So genuinely if you're able to support it means the world and then you get all these exclusive videos. Thank you. We appreciate you guys. And let's get back to the video. I have a thing called myalgic and sephilomiolitis. That's the technical term for chronic fatigue syndrome. It's been getting better by the way. And so I would say I have it mild now. And it comes in like um in waves, but I still have a symptom called oratic intolerance, which is difficulty standing. And so I like to have a cane to lean on when I need to stand still. Just like this, just to lean, right? I don't need one to walk, but just to lean on, right, is useful. And I take a cane with me just regularly on my normal day. Yeah. Very useful. Very useful. And I think stylish, but you know, I might be out of out my on my own for that one. What do you guys think? The guy who wears armor in all his videos and does all the medieval has a castle. I might be out of, you know, a bit out of touch here. But if some Oh, so this first machete. Okay. Uh training train with it a bit. But thing is weighted and No, but what I mean it depends whether you're fighting someone who's trained. Yeah, if you're most likely not going to be, I would put my money on that. Well, yeah, like if you grab a machete, there's a number of things that you could do with something like this. Right now, if you are worried about trying to close the distance, you already have greater reach right? But one of the easiest targets actually is the hand or the weapon. If I And most machetes don't have hand protection. Yeah. If I just full power that into either the blade or the hand, there's a good chance that I'll at the very least damage or knock it out of the hand completely or break fingers, right? And then if you just keep going, right, aggressive aggression, scare them off, just go hit hit and just kind of go crazy. And then if you land hits on the forearm, the collar bone, especially the head with something like this. Now, in case you're wondering, you can go this is this little number is made by Cold Steel. You just look up Cold Steel's art walking canes. You might find some that you like and you'll find this one there among them as well. Yeah, but I think that's kind of most things, right? Like like these are the options that you have if you're have a government that wants to prevent you from protecting yourself. It sucks. This is what you can do, though. Yeah. I mean, a lot of people brought up in the last video, they couldn't believe my reservation about it. And I I I kind of said to myself, I really I assume too much of people. Uh the people voted for this. I didn't cuz you are the minority of the minority. The people in our state love these things. They vote for it again and again and again. People ask me why why have you given up? Cuz this is what the majority wants. I'm I I I retain hope in the silent majority what'll happen. The only like if things get bad enough, which they very well might, we're talking UK levels of bad that might red pill uh a chunk of people. You just look at the comments, man. I'm talking about comments when they pass these sorts of laws and the people who are citizens. Yeah. Why do you need a machete? There's literally no reason to need that. You don't need a machete. You don't need to defend yourself. That's what the police are for. Yeah. Yeah. I believe the police will protect us. So, these are some practical things that you that we would do that maybe might not work, might work, but there's some there's something you don't have to roll over and just take it, right? If someone attacks you with a machete in these in these these days, Yeah. my advice, get a nice sparring jacket. They're great. Get into some swords in use it in conjunction with I Yeah. learn how to use some techniques, combine stuff. You can check out a video where we talk about things you can wear for self-defense. Chain mail is one of them, believe it or not. As well as checking out the video where guess what? Even if you are in Victoria, Australia, there's still exemptions where you can own a machete. The government doesn't want you to know that. They want you to hand them in anyway cuz they're lying scumbags. But no, there are many ways you can own them. Yeah, that's all. Right there, guys. Appreciate you. See you soon. [Music]