The Mandalorian crossover movie gets a major update and it's not good. Lucasfilm has finally commented on the state of Dave Filona's Mandoververse culmination movie. So, if you didn't know that Dave was also making a movie himself, a spin-off standalone, something like that, and it was supposed to take place after The Mandalorian, which is John Favro's movie. It has taken years of waiting, but fans finally have news on Dave Filona's Mando crossover movie. It might not be the news they wanted. Announced all the way back, Felon's Mandoverseverse Culmination movie was described as the endgame for the franchise's Disney Plus efforts at the time. It would have brought together all the stories from the series like Mand Mandalorian, Ahsoka, Skeleton Crew for one big screen adventure. I'm hoping Boba Fett, too. >> Like a banana. >> Yes. >> However, the Mandoververse movie quickly slunk into the background of the Star Wars public plans. Instead, the franchise turned its gaze to projects like this year's Mando and Grou and the upcoming Star Wars Star Fighter. This started a yearslong trend in which Filelon's Mandalorian film received no meaningful updates. Thankfully, more than 5 years after it was originally detailed, the star-facing franchise has offered a status report. According to the Hollywood Reporter, the Mandoverse culmination movie has been put on the back burn. comes amid news that Fona will take over the Star Wars studio alongside Well, you know what my thoughts are? Maybe this isn't bad. Maybe this is due to Dave going in and just like canceling a whole bunch of crap that what's her face Kathleen Kennedy wanted. Maybe he just thinks that it's not going to be a great idea. Maybe it's something that Kathy was pushing him to make and he's like, "All right, cool." But now that he is the head honcho, he's going to decide what he makes, how much he makes of it, and what else is going to be created. So, if that's if he's the president now and he's like, "Nah, you know what? We're not going to do this right now cuz he's got maybe better ideas or a different direction to go into." Listen, I'm all for changing everything around from when Kathleen Kennedy was there cuz I do believe that 99% of I'd say 100% of her decisions were ass. Anything that was good was because she let people just do their thing. Certain people. >> They fly now. >> Certain people. We see that with the acolyte, which went to the dumps because she let Leslie Hedland do her thing. We saw Andor, which was great because of Tony Gilroy. Don't believe the You read about me online. I didn't like Andor season 1. Andor season 2 by the end of it, it was great. It was fine. But the rest of it, you know how I feel. >> It settled in. >> And then everything else outside of that, it's just kind of, you know, Kathy getting her hands into everything and then changing things around. And I mean like with things like The Mandalorian season 3, I feel like it makes so much money that there were so many people that were just putting their fingers in the bowl. When the Mando verse movie was initially announced, it was a big deal. All these streaming series lead to one massive cinematic event. Yeah. And that's what I thought too is like, you know, okay, so Ahsoka season 2, they're going to bring back Damir, they're going to have Night Sisters, they're going to have, you know, maybe Assange Ventress obviously is alive and they're going to bring in Calstus. Maybe this is after the third Jedi fall in order game and Luke Skywalker and Boba Fett comes in and it's going to be literally like Endgame, right? We get like a huge battle scene with like everybody there. Thrawn, his fleet, you get Joris Sabayth, what Balen Skull, you get Luke Skywalker, Ahsoka, Boba, all these dudes, right? Throw Zeb in there, Shinhadi, all that stuff. So yeah, it could have been a absolute, you know, cinematic actionpacked scene, but is it the right move? And I just hope that that's what Dave is thinking. Is this the right move? The biggest nail in the coffin, at least for now, for the project was the creative retooling of the Mandalorian season 4. Coming off the Hollywood strikes of 2023, after a lackluster third season and a sweeping shutdown of the entertainment industry as a whole, Lucasfilm came back from the work stoppage with the news that it was going to forego a Mandalorian season 4. So stupid. And John Favro has said that he has that script done instead of opting for the movie project that would become John Favro's The Mandalorian Grou. Last April, Fona commented on the movie's lack of news, telling the press that it was requiring a long development cycle to get off the ground properly. Now that Dave Filon is stepping into his new role as head of Lucasfilm, his time is going to be spread even thinner, potentially making it even harder for him to focus on getting the Mandverse film out the door. Well, you know, they've messed up Mandalorian. You know, they could have made it so much better. You shouldn't have had Grou go back with Mando. You should have had the Boba Fett show to be real Boba Fett, not to focus on Mando, not bring Grou back like Luke's just ubers him back. Like, what is that crap? And they should have just continued to focus on Boba for that show. Then they would have had Mando by himself in season 3. And then maybe at the end he meets up with Grou again through some climactic effort or you know defeating some difficult enemy who's not Moff Gideon who doesn't have clones. >> My clones. >> So the movie will sit on the back burner. Whether it will ever be picked up remains unclear. And that will lead us to the next video, which will talk about the Ray movie and some interesting information on that. Let me know what you guys think. If you want to see Dave's movie or you just don't care. How many of you are Dave fans and how many of you are not? As always, have a great day and may the force be with you. [music] >> Now, fulfill your destiny. >> [music] >> Heat.