The internet wrestling community is having a real tough time right now because not only are they melting down over the announcement that Roman Reigns supports President Trump, they've already been dealing with Triple H being friendly with President Trump, Undertaker, Hulk Hogan, and many others. And now their hero CM Punk, Phil Brooks, who I'm a fan of CM Punk as a wrestler, but I'm not a fan of Phil Brooks. Phil Brooks is a left-wing nut job. That's fine. that's his right to be that if that's what he chooses to be. But that's kind of their hero right now through all of this turmoil of all of these MAGA loving wrestlers out there. And now CM Punk has addressed some of those complaints and he says, "So I'm supposed to quit my job because someone on Twitter says WWE is a MAGA company?" All right. You're on Lord Elon Musk's effing Twitter saying dumb [ __ ] Shut the f up. The meltdown right now from all of these gender confused weirdos is truly hilarious because like I said, I made a video on the Roman Reigns situation and the freakouts were legendary and they're still going on at this moment right now with all of the freakouts. All of these people were worshiping Roman Reigns, acknowledge my tribal chief, yada yada yada. And then Roman Reigns does a interview with Vanity Fair where he says he supports President Trump and they all melt down. They wish him to get injured. They talk about his personal life. They're taking shots at him. They're wishing death on him. These people are completely unhinged. But CM Punk, because he agrees with their politics and he pushes all of that nonsense, they've been really, really clamoring to him because he's their representation of sorts. And while CM Punk or Phil Brooks still is their representation, the fact that he said this right here really does send them in a frenzy, and we're talking about very mentally unstable people to begin with. So, um, yeah, they're they're going through the motions right now. Now, TKO, uh, the same company that owns UFC, owns WWE now. And I had said last night in my Roman Reigns video that it would be pretty interesting if WWE becomes a very MAGA friendly company much like UFC. And that's not to say that a Democrat can't show up to a UFC fight. It's just to say that they would never do it because they would get booed out of the building. So will WWE kind of start moving in that direction? Nothing would make me happier uh from that perspective just because you would see the mental illness on Twitter hit an all new level and it will be pretty hilarious. Now, there has been some speculation in our little corner of the internet that could President Trump show up to WrestleMania this weekend. I don't know if that's going to happen. He is a WWE Hall of Famer. 6'3", 224 lbs, chiseled rock, could be the WWE Champion right now, but he's choosing to make America great again. Um, and I will I don't I would not put money on President Trump showing up, but I don't know. We'll see. We will be covering Wrestlemania uh watch parties over on the Geese Gamers Locals. I would love for you guys to join us if you're interested in that. We will be covering both Saturday and Sunday. We've been doing a lot of wrestling watch party streams over there along with video game streams, uh, covering UFC, the Masters, um, doing movie watch parties. There's a good bang for your buck over there. So, make sure you go and, uh, check us out over there. But, let me know your thoughts in the comments below. Have you seen the internet wrestling community, the IWC meltdown over not only Roman Reigns, but now CM Punk? Uh, a lot of people are saying it's a PR nightmare for WWE, blah blah blah blah blah. Look, I don't think that the WWE is in the greatest position right now. I don't really enjoy the current product. Um, you know, I I watched the golden era of wrestling. I watched the Attitude era. Uh, that was the main, you know, with the Monday Night Wars and everything like that. I kind of got out of wrestling for a long time, so I've only recently returned to it. And I don't love the current product either. Um, I I feel like Kayfabe is dead and uh I don't like the production of it. There's a lot of problems I have with WWE. Um, but it's not the problems that the IWC has. It's more so along the lines of just exposing the business too much in my opinion. But you guys let me know your thoughts in the comments below. Have a great day and we will talk to you