James Bond First Light by IO Interactive has been delayed by a couple of months so they can put a little bit of extra polish onto the game. Nothing really wrong with that at all. However, it's what the director of the game has said about the game itself that has potential customers rather concerned. Hi everyone, it's AZ here from Heel versus Babyface. I interactive, who are probably best known for their Hitman games, have managed to get their hands on the James Bond license. Lots of fun stuff going on with that character right now. And they are releasing a game in May of I was gonna say next year, but this year now James Bond First Light, which seems to be their game version of Bond's first mission or one of his very first missions as a double O agent. And let's just say after the release of a couple of trailers, most people seem to be rather expectant about the game. Initially, when I first saw the trailer, I wasn't exactly well with it. And today, I decided to to go through them to kind of refresh myself and see if my opinion had changed at all. Now, I have to say, going back through it all, the game play does look a little bit clunky. I have to say that. And if you have a look throughout the course of the trailers, you'll see that he repeats his moves quite a lot, which makes me a little bit concerned that the game itself might be a wee bit too repetitive. If the story hook is there, it might allow us to get immersed within it and that becomes potentially a little bit more forgivable. But I kind of have my concerns, especially with sort of goofy stuff here where people can't seem to shoot him at point blank range. But what's got me most concerned is what director of the game said, Martin Emborg, about how James Bond himself is going to be portrayed in this version. After the Game Awards, he was interviewed and he had this to say. IO Interactive says old school Bond would be tone deaf today as 007 first light moves the character towards more modern values >> for modern gaming audience >> for modern gaming audience. >> And that really is the perfect clip to put in there when you hear that sort of terminology. some absolute bell end with the crappiest haircut you've ever seen in the world. Pug [ __ ] ugly, all the goddamn bloody colors of the rainbow scattered on themselves because they have no personality of their own. And therefore, they've got to show some sort of slack division in in in an effort to garner some sort of pats on the back from their own internal group tank of [ __ ] At least that's what I get from it. So, let's get some further context. When asked at the Game Awards about whether or not their spy will share some of the earlier Bond's characteristics, specifically focusing on the characters womanizing tendencies, heaven forbid we have some heterosexuality in a video game for once. Mborg explained said, "Great English there." Yeah, you will see that. However, he went on to explain that the character of Bond has evolved, adding, so he's evolved through the decades, and obviously we reflect modern values. So, it's not going to be your old school Bond, which would just be tonedeaf in this day. Right? Wrong. He's a modern guy, right? Let's just kind of go through this a wee bit because when somebody that's talking about this kind of crap says modern audiences and modern values, what you're actually saying is the values of our internal politics, which always lean exceedingly far left. So, we're now going to see James Bond uh protect and respect the women. The writer of the article, Talal Musa, editorializes by saying, "The earlier James Bond films in particular have rightly come under fire over the spies treatment of the Wamins, as well as genuinely being inappropriate. The spy even resorts to hitting women. For example, in The Man with the Golden Gun where Roger Morsbond slaps Andrew Andez, then threatens to break her arm. Oh my gosh, it's as if he's a spy that's trying to save the world and not some Reddit or Twitter fuckquit that's posting out a bunch of garbage in an effort to get likes and retweets to give them a little bit of a dopamine hit cuz their lives are [ __ ] empty as balls. No, he's a spy. He needs to get things done. And if women are on the front line, then they are just as much collateral damage as any man that he'll come across as well. He's got to do whatever's necessary to get the job done. He's not a Reddit moderator. You bell end. The game itself already seems to be compensating within the cast that they have to put a white male lead in their game as Greenway is black and M is a Pakistani female. Money penny is black and ugly as [ __ ] Alistister McKenzie there, my goodness me, an old white guy who's most likely a homosexual. Let's just be honest now. and Miss Roth, who's flatter than my [ __ ] ironing board because heaven forbid a woman actually has any breasts in 2026. I've got the year right already. I'm pretty proud of myself. It'd be a tremendous shame if James Bond First Light fell into the same trap as Indiana Jones and the Great Circle because when they showed off those trailers and they spoke about that game sticking Lord Farqua and his stupid gay Bethesda shirt in front of a camera, that was enough to just essentially turn off an audience. And the Indiana Jones game didn't sell particularly well at all. I think as of around January of last year, only 91,000 copies were sold on Steam. About 117,000 copies were sold on PlayStation 5. The bulk of their players, which was around the four to 5 million mark, players, not sales, were through Game Pass, the Xbox Game Pass, where they were paying themselves a monthly fee. the game is in essence free and doesn't contribute towards the sales and isn't a sustainable model for studios but Microsoft just buy them up and they try and compensate that way and then when they fail well they they close them down but when you start bounding around terms like modern audience you are just saying our politics in the west in the western gaming industry which is far left, which means respect the Wham, which means we have to think, is Myths Roth as a character going to dominate James Bond? Is he going to be muted? Is are we just going to get like an odd line here or there, but essentially he's toothless? No, that's not James Bond. That's an impostor. And if you're going to put the James Bond name on a game, then you better be putting [ __ ] James Bond in the game. And it's so ironic that you say modern guy because it most likely doesn't reflect the vast majority of your potential audience, but it's coming from a group of people that can't even determine what a man and a woman actually is. James Bond has bite. He has venom. We want espionage, violence, and sex. That's the world in which James Bond lives in. Fast cars, fast living, fast drinking, and fast women. But Lord knows those notions are probably just scared the [ __ ] out of half the whatever the pronouns are of the people who work there. It's the same old story. Whenever a masculine fictional character is dealt with in the current age by a group of western developers, they seem to have to go on some sort of apology tour for the fact that he is a man and masculine and dominant and alpha. They have to in some way belittle him, lower him, emasculate him, make him a modern man. It's pathetic. I'd love this game to be great. I have a a feeling that the game play is going to be repetitive and that the storyline's going to meander. But I do want it to be good. I legitimately do because my god, our franchises and our heroes are falling at such a rate of knots right now. We need some sort of hope. But my gut is telling me that it's not going to come from IO Interactive. And that's the sadness of it all. I'll see you in the next video. You take care. Bye for now.