Hello and welcome back to Clownfish TV. It is me, Geeky Sparkles. It is just me today because neon sounds like a frog. So, we're going to talk about Doctor Who. So, you know, he must be pretty sick if I'm the one doing the video and not him. But, we're going to talk about Doctor Who because Doctor Who bosses are struggling to find a new lead for their poison chalice role. Nobody wants to play the doctor because it is career suicide. I am also supposed to give a special thanks and a hat tip to Martin. You know who you are. Um, before we get into any further, please like and subscribe. If you do, you'll get a woohoo. Woohoo. I'm also supposed to tell you to please remember to check out the Angry Geeky Sparkles pins and the Crimson Ren uh reprint for the the first book of that series. He's going to be wrapping those up here pretty soon, I think, if he hasn't already. Yeah, he still has it up, but he's going to be turning that off pretty soon. Um, so we're going to talk about this. I'll do my best because Neon is in here. And you know, anybody who's watched this knows this is his domain, not mine. I used to be a Doctor Who fan. It used to be our family time to watch Doctor Who. We did it all the time. And it was a whole thing. But by the time we got to Whitaker, I just didn't care. And it was funny because for all the talk about, oh, men hate women as doctor. I'm the one like my husband had, he was like, I'll give it a chance. I'm the one that was like, this is stupid. not him and I and I've got boobs, you know. I'm just saying it wasn't all the men that they keep trying to spin it as. So, Whitaker, as you know, when she came on the scene that the ratings started dropping and then by the time we got to shoot, they were not good. And somehow he found a way to make it worse. He's like, "Hold my beer." And it's like poison at this point in time. The ratings have dropped. Disney, you know, was sponsoring it. They walked away from it. They're like, "We're not even going to put money in this anymore." And here we are. So, according to this article on Metro UK, BBC bosses are reportedly struggling to fill the shitty Gotless shaped hole, [laughter] sorry, in the TARDIS for the Doctor Who Christmas special later this year. I did hear about this before. Um, I'm sorry, I just can't get past the shooting gota shaped hole. Is that in the back end of this artist? The beloved time traveling show finally confirmed that we haven't seen the last of the time lord quite yet. Unfortunately, Disney had quietly pulled out of its I'm sorry much touted partnership. Did they pull out of the whole shape like Chitty Gawa I'm sorry. Uh and the brother we ended with Shitty Gotwa's 15th Doctor regenerating into Billy Piper which we didn't know what that was going to mean. They just kind of called her up and said, "Hey, come do this." So the BBC confirmed that the show will return this festive season for a special episode once again written by Russell T. Davies because you know he hasn't flushed it enough. And honestly if you had told me like three or four years ago that you know Russell T. Davies was coming back I would have been like oh my gosh yes thank you. And then when I started you know seeing the stuff he was like saying I was like this isn't going to go very well. and then we ended up with what it is because yes, Doctor Who like Star Trek always had some political messaging in it, but it was a pill in the ice cream situation. Now they're trying to make a hole shaped like shooty gatwa in every viewer and it's not working. They're trying to uh you know they're they're trying to not pull out of that partnership because they're just people have had it. They they don't want to be lectured to. that it's gone from, "Hey, here's a subtle message in a fun way to," did you get it? "Did you get it? You better use the right pronouns. Did you get it? The doctor was addressed now. Did you get it? You're a bunch of bigots. Go touch grass." Which he literally said, "Go touch grass." So, I wonder what could possibly go wrong and why no one wants to to take on the part. Um, the future actor taking the man of Doctor Who has remained rather opaque. It has now been reported that it will not be Billy Piper who won viewers over as Rose Tyler. Uh, who is it going to be? They haven't found somebody else. Despite claims that, you know, they put feelers out as soon as Got said he wasn't going to be doing it anymore. Sources told the publication despite once being one of TV's most coveted roles, it's now seen a bit of a poison chalice. I wonder why. Plus, anyone taking on the job will want to know if it's going to be a oneoff fest festive special or go beyond that as they will want to, you know, plan their workload over the coming years. Metro contacted the BBC for comment on the report and a spokesperson said, "We never comment on speculation." Well, that's probably smart. You commented a bunch of other stuff, so you know, makes sense. Christmas might feel and indeed is a long way off, but who but they usually film it months ahead. But who's veteran composer? Murray Gold has already shed some initial light on the script or scripts. Um, I know Russell's written, I think, multiple versions depending on certain outcomes. Oh god, [sighs and gasps] that's all I really know. I'm not sure I'm even supposed to know that. I normally do a very good job of not finding things out. Well, you just went on record at Metro saying that you or wherever you got it from the sun saying that or was on a podcast saying that you you have information. hears what you're saying. Um, I don't know if they're going to tell you anything anymore. I make my job for keeping secrets very easy by never finding out in the first place, but what I do know, I will spill on a podcast. So, that's the story. Doctor Who doesn't have someone else to replace Shitty Gotwa. They're doing a Christmas special. They have no idea what the hell they're going to do, and no one wants to have the part. But, it's not surprising at all that no one wants the part because the the ratings are crap. It it was so bad. Disney ends relationship and partnership with BBC except for what they've already agreed to commit to because they're like, you know, tired of it. They're like the returns aren't there. I mean, this is Disney who at the time was like, "Yeah, yeah, go shoot shove agenda into everything." And they're like, "We don't want to touch it." You look at the ratings by season, they said the season 15 experienced a significant decline in UK viewership, averaging roughly 3.2 2 million viewers, which is 0.5 million lower than the 2024 season, which wasn't great anyway because you go back here and there's a chart um they have a chart here about the different doctors up until uh Jody Whitaker and you know he's below Jody Whitaker and Jody Whitaker was bad. you know, they had the season 11 2018 and it did it did okay initially because people everybody's tuning in to see, you know, what she was going to do for the part because it was a woman and everybody's tuning in for that. And then as it went on and the show more became about no actual Doctor Who villains, but man is a villain and orange man bad and somehow Doctor put Rosa Parks in the back of the bus. The viewership kept dropping. So, this might be a high average, but that's because initially it did well until people started realizing this isn't going to go the way they thought. Then you get to her second season and it's definitely worse. And then you it's 5.4 million average ratings and then you get over here to uh Shitty Gotwa and it's like 3.2 million viewers average. I mean, that's not good. There's nothing has been as bad as that. Peter Kapali came close in his last season because the writing was crap, but even he didn't hit that low. You know, you so you're just you're striking out with both Whitaker and Shitty Gotwa. It was not smart. I don't know what you're thinking, but no one's going to want this because they're they think the people don't want to see Doctor Who, but I saw they don't want to see Doctor Who. They don't like the Timeless Child. They don't like um or Children, whatever it was. They don't like that. They don't like the direction it's been going. They don't like this the agenda being shoved into everything where it's no longer so much as a fun show as it was hey look we got you this time. I mean Donna Noble's trans daughter lecturing the doctor on pronouns when he was just a woman. I mean of course no one wants to touch it. It's it looks bad. You just and that's sad because remember everybody their brother wanted the part and they used to like compete heavily to see who could get to be the next doctor. It was a huge deal. And then you had David Tennant who was like all excited because he got to be Doctor Who back in the day and he um talked about how much he loved Doctor Who. And then he comes back later on and he's going on about you know the bigots too. Like what is in the water in the UK? I mean seriously what are you guys drinking over there? I mean no offense to the normal ones but it's every time you turn around at least with the media here it's reporting stuff that we're just like what? What? And and apparently it's not just us because no one wants to watch it. So, they're having a hard time finding somebody who wants to put their name on it. Doctor Who. Could you ever imagine the day when people would be like, "No, I don't want to do it." I can't even wrap my head around that. So, here we are. And I'm sorry it's not neon. He really wanted to do this video, but he really, as the day goes on, I know cuz I've had this illness, you get worse. [music] And right now, he does. He sounds like a frog. So, anyway, uh please like and subscribe. I did try my best with this. Um, [music] sorry about my snickering, but the way they wrote those phrases with a hole that's shaped [music] like should got one and pulling out it just you. How can you not? Anyway, please like and subscribe and we'll talk to you later. Bye.