The official Highguard website has been down for about 5 hours today. As of recording this video, it's at the 5 hour mark. Maybe it'll be back by the time this is uploaded. Or maybe not. Maybe it's down all day. Or maybe uh perpetually down at this point. There's complete radio silence about this on the official Highguard account on Twitter. Their last post was on February 12th. There's nothing about the website being down. And again, it's not like it was down for 15, 30 minutes or something and right back up. like, "No, it's going on five plus hours." Of course, there is a post about the website being down on the official Highguard subreddit, and this comment's actually pretty funny. It reads, "And to think that they believe that at this point, hundreds of thousands of people would be playing the game, clamoring for more, and apparently paying for a whole lot of skins cuz the game would be just that good." It's hard to have sympathy at large for the development team after a the lead designer made that post on X, lead designer, probably referring to uh Josh Soul. Just to clarify though, Josh claims to be the lead tech artist, but continuing displaying how internally deliluted they were and then indignant with the realities of their product and the market response. That lead designer deleted their ex account yesterday, apparently outing yourself and your team as arrogant, out of touch, and entitled in a whiny rant wasn't a good idea. But now we know just how this debacle happened. And you guys know my opinion on this disaster already. I've made multiple videos at length covering both the news and sharing my opinion and how I think this was all handled so terribly. in in so many different ways. But one thing I may have forgot to mention before that I'm going to bring up really quick is on their official YouTube channel, they've even posted these animated cinematic trailers. And apparently the studio they work with, Blur Studio, cost around 500k on average per minute of animation. So they'll throw millions at that, but then not add basic competitive functions to their game that they're trying to market as a competitive game and then say they did everything right and were the problem. While the website's down, the game is still technically playable. Struggling to hold 1K concurrent, but yeah, that's the latest. Thank you for tuning in and I'll see you in the next