Our 25% off sale is ending soon. Make sure you grab your sabers now. When George Lucas began writing Revenge of the Sith, Anakin's Fall to the Dark Side looked very different from the version that we know now. Get ready and enjoy this video. In the first draft of the script, Anakin didn't become Darth Vader after killing Mace Wu. He didn't kneel to Palpatine in a moment of panic. He turned later during the siege of the Jedi Temple and for completely different reasons. In the making of the Revenge of the Sith book, George Lucas described it this way. In the early version, he says Anakin still believed he was protecting the Republic. He turned because he thought the Jedi were rebelling. That small change made the entire story feel different. Instead of being complicit and evil from the beginning, Anakin was deceived into it. He wasn't a man who chose darkness for love. He was a soldier who believed his order had become the enemy. Now, in that draft, Palpatine doesn't tell him. >> After killing [music] Mace, he plays dead. He manipulates events and convinces Anakin that the Jedi tried to assassinate him to seize control of the Republic. So, Anakin is really shaken and he's desperate and he runs to [music] the temple, not as a villain, but as a defender. So, George says this. He says he thought [music] he was saving the Jedi from themselves. And that's really the key here in this early draft that in the early story, the massacre at the Jedi Temple was written as a misunderstanding, not a willful atrocity. Now, I'm glad that George changed it because I think Anakin making the conscious choice of going to kill the Jedi is much more compelling of his turn to the dark side. Anakin storms the temple under Palpatines's orders to secure the archives and protect [music] the council chamber. The clones follow him in. The Jedi, caught off guard, see an armed battalion entering their home and they [music] react. And what follows is, of course, chaos. Now, according to these early notes, the first deaths weren't coldblooded executions. [music] They were accidents in a fight that Anakin didn't really understand. The [music] clones fire, the Jedi retaliate, Anakin tries to stop it, then it escalates. George says [music] it starts as confusion, it ends as murder. So, this version of the story portrayed Anakin as a victim of propaganda, the ultimate soldier of [music] a corrupt system, which does make a lot of sense. He believes the Jedi tried to kill the Chancellor. He believes the Republic is about to collapse into chaos. [music] And above all, he believes Padme will die if the galaxy falls into civil war again. So, he acts. But George found this version unsatisfying. [music] It explained too much and felt too impersonal. The audience didn't need [music] another manipulated hero. They needed to see Anakin make the choice himself. [music] If the dark side tricks you, it's not your tragedy. It's the dark sides. George Lucas says that's when he [music] rewrote the whole sequence, which is what we get today in episode 3, Revenge of the Sith. He moved Anakin's turn back to the moment with Mace Wu. A single personal choice instead of a political [music] misunderstanding. The original version spread responsibility too thin, I feel like, and it made Anakin more of a dumb pawn, which yeah, he was, but not that stupid. It made him more of a hopeless and confused [music] kid instead of a sinner. Now, in this early cut, the Jedi Temple scene was very emotional, but it was chaotic. [music] There were multiple points of view. Clone troopers outside, Jedi inside, Padawans [music] hiding, alarms echoing throughout the halls. It was going to be much more than what we saw. And Anakin's [music] role was ambiguous. We, the audience, weren't going to see him killing anyone directly, as we would see him entering the temple as fire and smoke erupted behind him. So George said, "You didn't know if he was helping or hurting." The ambiguity made it weaker. You need to see the choice, and that's of course why he changed it. So in the final version, that ambiguity is gone. The march becomes more of a funeral procession. Anakin's blue lightsaber, which is the symbol of the Jedi, of hope, of a guardian, becomes the instrument of their extinction essentially. So, I think moving the turn earlier really did change everything. But you guys let me know. Now, by the time he enters the temple, he's not confused. He's damned. And he knows what he's doing, and he believes that he's [music] right. George says this, "The horror is not that he doesn't know. It's that he thinks he's saving everyone." That's the psychological pivot that makes Revenge of the Sith work. The rewritten version shows Anakin choosing evil for what he thinks is good, whereas the earlier draft showed him stumbling into it. Now, in the first draft, Palpatine tells him over a holoccom that the Jedi have attacked the Senate. The Jedi Temple alarm goes off in the background as Anakin rushes to defend it. And in the confusion, he strikes down a Jedi Master who is trying to stop him from entering. Heck, maybe it's Master Synindraic. I just got off the phone with Nick. Stove's adaptation of that moment preserved in fragments from the earlier script describes it like this. He tells himself it's for peace. Every swing of the saber is a promise to Padme that he will save her no matter who he kills to do it. Now, that sentiment survived every rewrite. Even as the plot changed, Anakin's reasoning stayed the same. Control to save love. And that was really Anakin's [music] problem is that he was just trying to control everything selfishly. George says this, it's a bit of a long quote. He says, "If Anakin doesn't consciously choose the dark side, the story loses its mythic power." This is not a story about a man tricked by politics. It's a story about a man who betrays himself. And that's really what changed when [music] the Jedi Temple became the result of his fall instead of the cause. The massacre is no longer a confusion. It's confirmation. The act that once made him question everything now becomes the proof that he's allin. He is doing this on purpose. He believes he's right. And by the time he walks into that room with the younglings, there really is no misunderstanding. There is only belief. He's the man who thinks that mercy means control, love means domination, and peace [music] means obedience. George says he doesn't turn because he's fooled. He turns because he wants to [music] stop being afraid. Much fear. I sense in you. That was always the line that George was building towards. It's that Anakin doesn't become Darth Vader because of politics. He becomes Darth Vader because of fear. Fear that [music] the world won't obey him. Fear that love will end. That death will take everything like it [music] did his mother. >> Anakin. Anakin. No. [screaming] >> Like it will Padme. So the first draft made him a casualty of more so propaganda and just made him kind of dumb. Whereas the final film made him a cautionary myth where George took a war story and he turned it into a type of scripture. He says he has to know what he's doing and he has to believe it's right. That's the tragedy. George says that's why the final temple scene is silent. There's no dialogue. There's no justification. There's no confusion. It's just the blue glow of his lightsaber and the sound of innocent Jedi dying. Because in the end, George didn't want you to think about Anakin being manipulated. He wanted you to understand that the [music] dark side doesn't need to trick you if you convince yourself that you're saving the world from a certain point of view. Of course, let me know which version you like more. Go ahead and check the comment section and add some of your own thoughts, too. See what your fellow Star Wars fans are saying. I personally like the version that we got in the theater, but I can see the compelling nature of the first version, too. But ultimately, for Anakin's character arc, I think the second version of him making a conscious choice is the way to go. Thanks so much for watching. I'll see you guys in the [music] next one. Have an awesome rest of your day and may the force be with you always. [music] >> Now fulfill your destiny. [music]