[Music] nerdotic.com. >> Greetings,, you, over, 1, million, muggles, in the 40% who haven't subscribed yet. I've had a working theory that JK Rowling who doesn't need any money, decided to go ahead with the Harry Potter TV show partially, if not solely, to erase Daniel Radcliffe and Emma Watson from the story. That might explain why some of the costumeuming in the sets in the TV show looks so similar to the films. It'll make it easier for them to pluck out Emma and Daniel and plop in the new actors on all the merchandising and in the theme parks. And with a lot of the casting, maybe that theory was close to being correct in my head. Anyway, that was of course until Black Snape. But maybe that was a sacrifice JK was willing to make because once again, I'm here to report on the resulting find out of the [ __ ] around. And we're not going to bury the lead on this one because today, prolific author and creator of Harry Potter, JK Rowling, and you can insert your YouTube title here, either nuked Emma Watson from orbit or went scorched Earth on Emma Watson or Avatar Emma Watson from the Astronomy Tower. >> Why, aren't, you, all, copying, this, down? >> Because, Emma, Watson,, who, played, Hermione Granger in the films and who has also been on a bit of a break from acting decided to resurface on a podcast and reopen some old wounds. And let's just say that was ill- advised. And just for a brief recap, just in case some of you were living under a rock for the last five years, no judgment, by the way. It's all over JK Rowling's views on one particular issue, which is >> boys, have, a, penis,, girls, have, a, vagina. >> And, as, you, may, or, may, not, know,, Daniel Radcliffe and Emma Watson over the past few years have taken multiple opportunities to throw the woman under the night bus who was responsible for their careers. Now, Rupert Grant, who plays Ron Weasley, has made his comments as well, but they weren't as bad. But I'm not sure that makes much of a difference to JK Rowling, who posted this back in March in response to the question, "What actor/actress instantly ruins a movie for you?" Three guesses. Sorry, but that was irresistible. So now that some time has passed and it's not so invogue to pile on JK Rowling anymore, probably because her views were never wrong to begin with. And it also has something to do with the cultural shift and this trend dying down violently. As previously mentioned, Emma Watson came out of hiding and went on a podcast a couple of days ago and it appears that she kind of changed her tune. Now, before you hear this, I want to preface this by stating you are going to hear the verbal equivalent of somebody walking over a field of landmines. >> I, really, don't, believe, that, by, having had that experience and holding the love and support and views that I have mean that I can't and don't treasure Joe and the person that I had personal experiences with. I will never believe that one negates the other and that my experience of that person I don't get to keep and cherish. I to come back to our earlier thing like I just don't think these things are either or. It's my deepest wish. I hope people who don't agree with my opinion will love me and I hope I can keep loving people who I don't necessarily share the same opinion with. I guess where I've landed is it's not so much what we say or what we believe, but very often how we say it that's really important and that's really frustrating and not what you want to hear when you're really angry and upset with someone. I don't know. I just see this world right now where we seem to be giving permission for this kind of like throwing out of people or that people are disposable. I just believe that no one is no one no one's disposable. >> Everyone, as, far, as, possible,, whatever the conversation is, should and can be treated with at the very least dignity and respect. >> Mhm. >> What, you, just, said, is, one, of, the, most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. >> Well,, that, was, a, very, long-, winded, incoherent, professional adult pretender way of saying we can agree to disagree. But she can't even say that because all of her allies would turn on her in a moment. You know, people like you, Emma. And I would argue maybe you should have led with this, but that Hogwarts Express has left the station. Now JK Rowling did respond and it was coherent, thoughtful and savage. JK starts out by saying that no actor owes her any allegiance because they were in something that she created. Emma Watson and her co-stars have every right to embrace gender identity ideology. Such beliefs are legally protected, and I wouldn't want to see any of them threatened with loss of work or violence or death because of them. like JK Rowling was. However, Emma and Dan in particular have both made it clear over the last few years that they think our former professional association gives them the particular right, nay obligation, to critique me and my views in public years after they finished acting in Potter. They continued to assume the role of de facto spokespeople for the world I created. In other words, you're a couple of ungrateful welps who were nothing more than contracted workers who memorized reinterpreted lines from my source material and you could feel free to piss off now. >> But, then, JK, gets, into, what, really, stung, that very deliberate jab from Emma Watson at the BAFTAs. >> There's, that, clip, of, her, at, the, BAFTAs and it was just kind of like a really snidey. There's that bit where she says "I'm here for all the witch like but but one or Yeah. It was just nasty. Yeah >> I'm, here, for, all, of, the, witches. [Applause] [Music] >> Now,, it, appears, at, the, end, there, she said, "By the way," instead of, "Except for one." But Emma has never denied that was a jab. JK goes on, "In truth, that was the turning point for me, but it had a postcript that hurt far more than the speech itself." Emma asked somebody to pass on a handwritten note from me to her, which contained the single sentence, "I'm sorry for what you're going through." She has my phone number. This was back when the death, assault and torture threats against me were at their peak. Emma had just publicly poured more petrol on the flames, yet thought a oneline expression of concern from her would reassure me of her fundamental sympathy and kindness. >> But, wait,, there's, more., Like, other people who've never experienced adult life, uncushioned by wealth and fame Emma has so little experience of real life, she's ignorant of how ignorant she is. Then JK goes on to rattle off some of the things that Emma Watson thankfully will not have to experience like homeless shelters, assault crisis centers, and women's prisons. I wasn't a multi-millionaire at 14. I lived in poverty while writing the book that made Emma famous. I therefore understand from my own life experience what the trashing of women's rights in which Emma has so enthusiastically participated means to women and girls without her privileges. The greatest irony here is that had Emma not decided in her most recent interview to declare that she loves and treasures me. A change of tac I suspect she's adopted because she's noticed fullthroated condemnation of me is no longer quite as fashionable as it was. I might have never been this honest. And again, Emma Watson wasn't the only one to rush to distance herself from JK Rowling and passive aggressively pile on her 5 years ago when she made the very controversial yet scientifically accurate statements about biology. Rupert Grant basically called her his crazy auntie, which honestly isn't that bad. Alfred Enoch, who was Dean Thomas distanced himself as well. And then there was the affforementioned Daniel Radcliffe. >> It, makes, me, really, sad., But, ultimately, I do look at the person that I met, the times that we met, and the books that she wrote, and the world that she created, and all of that is to me so deeply empathic. Radcliffe previously wrote a statement supporting the trans community for the Trevor Project in 2020, saying in part, "To all the people who now feel that their experience of the books has been tarnished or diminished. I am deeply sorry for the pain these comments have caused you." And while it doesn't absolve the adult pretenders of their responsibility, we certainly can't leave out the Access media who has certainly put plenty of petrol on the flames. Just listen how they frame JK Rowling's views in this. >> Rowling, recently, wrote, on, social, media saying she would not forgive those who have supported trans healthcare. >> I, don't, think, she's, ever, come, out against trans healthcare unless you include this. Celebs who cozied up to a movement intent on eroding women's hard one rights and who use their platforms to cheer on the transitioning of minors can save their apologies for traumatized dransitioners and vulnerable women relying on single sex spaces. >> Then, there, are, the, actors, who, have supported JK or at least not completely on her like Tom Felton, Jason Issacs Helen Bonham Carter, Ralph Fines and the late great Robbie Col Train who said this. I don't think what she said was offensive really. There's a whole generation of people waiting around to be offended. They wouldn't have won the war, would they? And you know who else supports JK Rowling interviews? The vast majority of the general public. And that's reflected in this thing we call reality. Some of you may recall that there was a narrative back in 2021 that JK Rowling's views had affected her book sales. Well, in 2018, it was reported that she sold 500 million books in total. And by 2023, that number went up to 600 million. So, I'm guessing that's not exactly true. Let's consider the evidence anecdotally. At Barnes & Noble a book chain here in America, she has the largest section of merchandise and books of any author. Hogwarts Legacy was a best-selling video game that definitely benefited from the failed boycott. The Wizarding Worlds at Universal Studios Hollywood and Orlando are constantly packed, and it's not unusual to wait 3 hours to ride Hagrid. Oh, and they just expanded with the Epic Universe within Universal Epic Universe at Universal Orlando Resort. Say that 10 times fast. According to the book seller, Partmore Publishing enjoyed a record year as revenues increased to 48.8 million. And that's British pounds proper money. Regal just ran a back to Hogwarts marathon where you could have watched all the Harry Potter movies. You can also watch them on HBO and Peacock. There's a brand new Harry Potter audio series for Audible starting this November with a full cast that in some aspects is better than the TV show. No offense to John Lithco, but Hugh Lori is Dumbledore. Hell yeah. And yes, while not perfect, RZ Ahmed is much better casting as Snape than Papiato as Black Snape. Speaking of that, yes, there is the Harry Potter series heading to HBO in 2027, which had the potential of being the biggest show on that network or streamer or whatever the hell you call them since Game of Thrones at its peak. I'm not ashamed to say I'm a massive fan of Harry Potter. And I can acknowledge that it is the millennials Star Wars. It is the biggest franchise out there that has the least damage. That's why it's absolutely inexplicable and baffling that they would make such a stupid decision as to cast Black Snape. Forget all the controversy with JK Rowling. This is the one thing that jeopardizes that show. Got nothing against Papa as an actor or a person and I think he would make a great Kingsley Shacklebolt, but not a very good Snape. I can't wait to see that first promotional picture. And the only question I have is, will he have straight hair? Because if he does, that means Snape straightens his hair. And while the female Voldemort rumor is absolutely ridiculous and I don't think it's true, you can't blame people for believing it after Black Snake. But not to worry, Daniel Radcliffe and Emma Watson. You might actually get what you want. Depending on the success of the TV show, you guys might no longer be the faces of Harry Potter. Therefore, you won't have to worry as much about that association with JK Rowling. [Music] >> If, you, like, what, you, heard,, please, like, share, and subscribe. If you didn't like what you heard, I thank you for listening this long. I will see you in the next video. >> Why, suffer, a, horrific, death when you can join me and live? >> Never.