You know, there's a certain career path that young actresses can stray down if they get too much fame and success too quickly. Ego takes over. They start to believe their own hype and end up turning everyone against them by acting like insufferable clowns. It happened to Rachel Ziggler for sure. But there was another actress who blazed the trail for women like Rachel to follow, who set the template for career self-destruction, who walked so that others could run. That actress was Brie Larson. Is that like a personal attack or something? Now, she's practically a forgotten footnote in film history at this point. But skip back to 2019, and Brie Larson really did have the world at her feet. Not literally, of course. I don't think anyone wants to get near those feet. [Music] But the point is, she was very much a rising star in Hollywood that was poised to go supernova. An Oscar-winning actress who was just as comfortable with indie movies as big budget action flicks, who'd landed a starring role as the new face of the biggest franchise on the planet. She was being positioned as the new ITG girl in Hollywood, the next mega star that was going to dominate the industry for at least a decades. But all too soon, the dream came crashing down in a slow motion train wreck of PR disasters, fake activism, embarrassing revelations, and career-ending box office bombs. It wasn't pretty. It wasn't quick, but it does make for a great episode of Crash and Burn: The Brie Larson story. So, pull up a chair and allow me to tell you the tale. Brienne Sidoni Donier, [ __ ] really, was born in California in 1989 to rich parents who educated her at home, which left her shy and socially awkward. A messy divorce when she was seven left Bri with only her mother to support her and fostered her lifelong resentment towards her father, which kind of explains her actions in later life, but we'll get to that shortly. Anyway, with an interest in acting and music, Bri and her mom relocated to Los Angeles so that she could pursue a career, a series of minor roles in TV shows and indie movies followed, and a short stint as a wannabe pop star that I'm sure everyone would rather forget. But it was her performance in Scott Pilgrim Versus the World that first brought her mainstream attention. She was on the map now and booking more roles, but her rise to stardom wasn't exactly meteoric. She still had to slug through forgettable low-budget slop over the next few years, like The Trouble with Bliss, The Spectacular Now, and Train Wreck. What the [ __ ] is this piece of [ __ ] Her big break finally came with 2015's Room, a psychological drama about a mother imprisoned with her son for years in an abandoned cell. The movie was a big hit with critics, earning rave reviews and even bagging Larson an Oscar win. Nice going, Bri. By now, Hollywood was well and truly taken notice of Brie Larson. She seemed to have it all. A solid acting pedigree, high-profile awards, and a good reputation with critics. 2017's Skull Island saw her move into big budget action films, proving that she could hold her own against top level actors. The film brought in over $500 million worldwide, making it by far the biggest movie of her career, so far at least. In 2016, Larson was cast as Carol Danvers for the upcoming MCU movie Captain Marvel. And on the surface, this all seemed like great news. The MCU was at the height of its popularity. And a starring role in one of their films wasn't just a guaranteed payday for the next 10 years. It was a ticket to the big leagues. Brie Larson was on her way to being the next big A-list star, and everyone knew it. What they didn't know was that the seeds of her career destruction had just been sewn. See, Captain Marvel was buil as the first femaleled Marvel movie, the start of a new era of diversity and representation for the franchise. So interest was running higher than usual and it wasn't all positive. Critics were quick to point out that the MCU already had the ideal candidate for a femaleled movie and Black Widow, a more popular character played by a bigger actress. Forcing Captain Marvel into the mix so late in the game, seemed like a weird move by a studio that was normally pretty good at this sort of thing. When the first trailer launched in 2018, it was absolutely lambasted. Not just for making the character seem overpowered and not particularly likable, but also for Brie Larson's performance. There's just no way of putting this gently. She looked [ __ ] miserable, like some giant sponge soaking all the fun out of the movie. Also, by this point, people weren't exactly thrilled with the idea of another unstoppable girl boss being crowbarred into another franchise that had done perfectly well up until now. Add all this together and you had a PR [ __ ] storm the likes of which the MCU had never experienced before. And right at the center of it all was Brie Larson herself. Suddenly people were taking notice of her and what she had to say. And well, it turns out she had a lot to say for herself. Not only did she seem to have a real problem with men and white men in particular. I do not need a 40-year-old white dude to tell me what didn't work for him about A Wrinkle in Time. It wasn't made for him. There's that paternal childhood resentment coming back to haunt her. But she also came across as prickly and unlikable, especially when she had to do interviews with other Marvel actors. I do all my stunts. Dang, I did. I did my stunts because I thought that that's what everyone did. And then Tom Tom Cruz of you. No, I would be the first me, not the next Tom Cruz. Thank you very much. Well, right now, I can't say for sure what was going on here. Maybe they were all just having a bad day and tempers were fraying, but it didn't seem to matter. You only get one chance to make a first impression, and Larson's one wasn't good. She came across just as arrogant, combative, and humorless as the character she was playing. A prickly, and entitled actress who seemed to think she was better than everyone else. And for her critics, well, it was just extra ammunition. Just like Ghostbusters, Captain Marvel and its star became a lightning rod for controversy and online culture wars in a way that no other MCU project ever has. But there wasn't much they could do except soldier on and hope for the best. and in public at least. It all seemed to go well. The movie rad in over a billion dollars, got the usual round of glowing reviews from the mainstream media, and the MCU bandwagon rolled on. But behind the scenes, it was a very different story. The fan backlash had rattled Marvel hard. Nothing like this had ever happened to them before. Yeah, the movie made a ton of money, but it was a pirick victory at best if half the audience hated not just the main character, but the actress playing her as well. Action had to be taken, so Captain Marvel's role in Endgame was slashed down to a glorified cameo. Plans to make her the new face of the franchise were quickly shelved, and the character was put on ice while they waited for the controversy to die down. And it wasn't just Disney backing away from her, either. If there's one thing Hollywood casting directors hate, it's controversial and divisive stars who can torpedo projects just by association. Suddenly, all those film offers seem to dry up and Larson found herself stranded in the acting wilderness. She had to do something to reinvent her public persona. And with most people stuck at home by the unspecified virus of unknown origin, she decided to take the bull by the horns and launch her own YouTube channel focused on well, herself. It's a bold strategy, Cotton. Let's see if it pays off for him. Now, don't get me wrong, there's definitely actors out there with the charisma and the personality to sell something like that. Unfortunately, Brie Larson wasn't one of them. attempts at quirky, down-to-earth relatability came across as staged, forced, and cringy. She looked awkward and uncomfortable without a script to work from, and she struggled to engage with the guest who were clearly paid to be there. It was performative normality, like rich politicians trying to appeal to regular people by drinking beer that they've never tasted, or eating junk food they don't know how to handle. The harder she tried to act down to earth and spontaneous, the more stiff and out of touch she seemed. It was kind of ironic, really. After winning so many awards for her acting skills, her most challenging role turned out to be herself. Interest in the channel waned and views flatlined. And within a year, she pulled the plug to focus on saving what was left of her acting career. That's right. It was time to revisit Captain Marvel. How long will you play Captain Marvel for? I don't know. I don't know. Does anyone want me to do it again? Don't be so modest. I don't know. I really don't know. I don't have the answer to that. The Marvels, as it was eventually known, would turn out to be Larsson's make or break movie. If she could repeat the success of the first film, it might just get her out of acting jail and back on track to the Hollywood A-list. On the other hand, if it flopped, it would be proof that the first movie was nothing but a fluke coasting on the MCU's momentum. The future of the character, Larsson's future in Hollywood, it all depended on the Marvels being a hit. Yeah. So, that didn't happen. The Marvel's turned out to be the most humiliating disaster in MCU history, pulling in barely $200 million worldwide, getting scathing reviews and crushing audience scores. The question of whether Captain Marvel and with it Brie Larson's career could be salvaged have been answered once and for all. This wasn't just a setback, it was full-on career implosion. So, where is she now? Well, with her movie career basically stalled out, she retreated to theater work and was last spotted acting in the stage play Electra in London's West End, which The Evening Standard described as an impenetrable slog. And that Larson brought layers of bitterness, resentment, and desperation to the lines. Damn, man. I can't imagine why Brie Larson had officially crashed and burned. The role that was supposed to make her career ended up breaking it. In just a few short years, she went from Hollywood's next Golden Girl to a cautionary tale for PR managers everywhere. No matter what, you need to learn how to shut the [ __ ] up. And hey, on the plus side, it seems like Larsson finally learned that lesson herself when reporters tried to bait her into commenting on the Johnny Depp situation. Curious how you feel about Johnny Depp's film opening the festival. And do you plan to see it? You're asking me that? Yes. Um, I don't know. I'm sorry. I don't understand the correlation or why me specifically. Yeah, it all came a few years too late and you can tell she absolutely wanted to answer that question. But hey, it's still progress, I guess. So, are we ever going to see Brie Larson on the big screen again? And if so, can she possibly claw her way back to the top of the Hollywood fame mountain? Well, probably not, if I'm honest. She's been in the wilderness for too long now. She's too old to make a comeback, and a new generation of actresses have come up to replace her. The world has moved on from Brie Larson, and there she stands, a sad example of what might have been a monument to the hubris of fame and the fragility of celebrity. But hey, at least you made a great episode of Crash and Burn. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.