the Doctor Who spin-off, the war between Land and Sea that landed on eye player and not the BBC itself because it's not good enough. Nobody cares cuz nobody watches Doctor anyway. It's now available to watch and the critics are loving it. Although they're really not. They're not at all, but they're saying they are. But they're not. But they're not even saying they are. But they're scoring that they are, but they're not. Anyway, let's kind of go into it, shall we? Hi everyone, it's AZ here from Heel Versus Baby Face, the Doctor Who spin-off. The war between land and sea is now available to view. It's about the Sea Devils, but they're not allowed to be called the Sea Devils anymore because that's bigoted or something. So, now they're just known as Homo. Oh, uh, Homo Aquas and the Homos. Now, viewers and critics alike have flocked to Rotten Tomatoes to give their thoughts and feelings on this new bit of Doctor Who lore which has been added. [laughter] So, I can't keep a straight face even saying stuff like this. I mean, we have eight critics and a staggering 50. Well, it says fewer than 50 viewers that wanted to share their thoughts. And we all know that Rotten Tomatoes is a complete joke of a website that heavily heavily positions itself in the scoring process to be very favorable even to movies and TV shows which may be terrible due to the scoring system which makes things sound like they're good but they're not. And then of course you had the shill critics who were caught accepting $50 bribes. Do you remember that? For giving positive scores to stuff. Well, now they try and do that access thing where they they give it a a decent score, a pass, but that they report on it not in the most favorable way imaginable because they trying desperately to hold on to some semblance of credibility that they lost donkeys years ago. And then they give it a massive score at the end so that they can get invited to the next party, interview, free goodie bag, or whatever's being dished out on the old QT, if you know what I mean. One. Now, if we were to look at the eight reviews here, we see that six of them are allegedly fresh. We'll get into that. and two of them are rotten. Whereas the audience have given it a 2.7 out of five. All less than 50 of them. But if we go to top critics, LOOK AT THAT. 80% say this is a fresh show. Oh my goodness me. I'm I'm excited to read your reviews now. Why? Why is it so good? Why is it so fresh? Well, let's just say that their reviews don't necessarily match the scoring system, but the scoring system on Rotten Tomatoes is it only has to do better than a six out of 10 to get itself fresh. And then that fresh is 80% cuz that's 80% think it's better than six out of 10, which of course doesn't reflect the TR. Anyway, you get you get the gist. Yeah. So, the first one is from Bend Do. Uh, sorry, [laughter] that's Russell Tovi. Uh, the first one's from Ben Da from the Times in the UK. And Ben, just from the score, gives this show an eight out of 10. That to me is a pretty darn good score. That to me says that this show is top tier and really does need a look. Let's just read what he says about it, shall we? This is a well-meaning lecture about [clears throat] environmentalism, but it is wrapped in a lean and propulsive hole that makes the inevitable moments of pious sanctimony which all but capsize the mother show more than bearable. Wait, wait. Sorry, Ben. So, so because this show is slightly leaner than Doctor Who itself, but still lectures and is pious and and sanctimonious. Uh, this is an eight out of 10. That's the most that's the most harsh eight out of 10 I think I've ever seen in my life. If I read that, I'd expect the score to be four or five, but bend over, sorry, Ben Da uh with the with the eight out of 10. My goodness. [clears throat] Ed Power, he's just making up names now, guys. Come on now. Uh from the Independent gives this a four out of 10. Boo. Ed is clearly a detractor and a bigot. It's always been a reliable rule of thumb that the more unit in an episode, the more boring the results. Well, ain't that the fact? Unit didn't used to be too bad, but now unit is living up to its name cuz it's just a complete and utter unit. That lesson is delivered all over again in this okayish minisseries that has decent production values but suffers from a consistent crisis of tone. Well, from what I've heard, it's suffering from a consistent crisis of audio issues where the background audio is overwhelming the speech and therefore people can't even understand what they're saying. So, they have to put the subtitles on. British people putting subtitles on in the UK. Oh, no. That's actually pretty [ __ ] normal nowadays. Yeah. Okay. Uh, David Opie, it's a this having a joke from Digital Spy with a six out of 10 says, "Doctor's latest spin-off lacks the spark that Torchwood brought to the universe. The result is ambitious yet awkward. As endearing as it is clunky, six out of 10. Well, maybe maybe they shouldn't go back to Russell T. Davis's favorite gay dude, Russell Tovy, you know, cuz once upon a time it looked like Russell Tovy was was going to have a a a really good career. Uh, and then everyone realized he was [ __ ] at acting. So that kind of nixed it, didn't it? Nipped it in the bud, as they say. Lucy Mangan from the Guardian with a another six out of 10. Look, it's fine. G, look, she's argu She's already She's already arguing with us. She knows it's crap. She like, look, look, it it's it's fine. Yeah, I know. All right, it's crap. But I'm going to say it's fine. When a woman says it's fine, one thing that I've discovered in life, I've been on this planet for, you know, 50 years now. When a woman says something's fine, it means A, you're in trouble, or B, it's anything but. It's solid entertainment for kids really. And I can see teenagers starting off sneering, but falling under its spell soon enough. Oh, six out of 10. So, uh, starts off [ __ ] But, but maybe they'll like it later. I doubt it. I doubt it. Something I'm going to press X to doubt. Lucy, if that is your real name. Everyone's making them up nowadays. Christopher Stevens from the Daily Mail with a two out of 10. How dare you? You sound like Dispru. and go to Dish Brew's channel to watch the reviews cuz I'm not losing brain cells. I'm saving them up for trans people in coal mines at Christmas. It's so so dull. You got to admit, even just reading what we've read so far, this isn't coming across as if any of the reviewers actually like this show at all. However, 80% Rotten Tomatoes. Vicky Jessup from the London Evening Lack of Standards with a six. Another six out of 10. This is the IGN for Rotten Tomatoes. If we give it a six, which is [ __ ] and we all know it is, but if we give it a six, even though we want to give it a three or a four or a two, at least then we can stick the tomato on and be like, "Yay! Can we get some more invites? It's a thoughtful watch and pleasingly different to who itself. Spare a thought for the actors wearing all those pre is can somebody say something actually about the show that's good? Everything is so wishy-washy. Now, yes, you can go to the full reviews, but something tells me they're going to be just as evasive as these little tidbits are. Rebecca Nicholson for the Financial Times. SIX OUT OF 10. WHAT A SURPRISE. THE WAR between the land and sea is an environmental parable and not a very subtle one, but Tovi has buckets of charm. He's got buckets of something. It ain't charm. And the series looks set to swim off into the pleasantly odd water. What does that even [ __ ] mean, Rebecca? What does that even mean? That means that you don't want to. Anyway, holy cow. It would have to be the metro, wouldn't it, for this one? Aziaaka with an eight out of 10. As someone indifferent and perhaps even skeptical, the idea of sea devils being the central species, Davis managed to weave a story out of them that is a time that is timely and relevant. No, it's not really though, is it? Dealing with plastics in the sea or environmentalism. It's not exactly timely and relevant at all. I'm again I'm 50 years old. Do you know the whole course of my life, do you know what I've heard in terms of the activism world? Uh it's it's environmentalism. Yeah. Just like from a kid, Israel, Palestine, it's just the it's been there the whole [ __ ] time. But what goes around comes around and it all takes its turn in the sun again and again. And by the way, them being the central species is not actually correct because we've already had that with the culians or whatever. They're meant to be the Anyway, I guess loads of species just decided to hibernate for millions of years and then when they came out went I wonder if there's been any sort of evolution on planet Earth in the millions of years that we've been sleeping. Probably not. We'll be fine. Oh my god, there's a whole [ __ ] But apparently that gets it eight out of 10. I'd love to give more, but that's it. And somehow somehow this aggregates at 75% for critics and whatever 45% for users with the 25 people that even bothered cuz nobody gives a toss. Well 26 if we had dispin because no one else and Gary 27. All right Doctor Who, you got 27 people watching it. Good on you. Uh yeah, something tells me this is going to be forgotten as quickly as you guys didn't even know that it was available to watch in the first place. I'll see you in the next video. You take care. Goodbye, Balob. [music] [music]