Pokemon is in the news once again for a clip that a lot of people are talking about. It's making the rounds on Twitter, etc., etc., and I will play that clip for you in a second. But I was curious. I guess she had like her return stream. So, I hopped over to her Twitch. I hopped over to the VOD myself, scrolled through it for like five minutes, and within [laughter] five minutes, I have already found more immense hypocrisy from Pokemon, and it goes along perfectly with the affforementioned clip that's already making the rounds. So, let's start with that, and then I'll show you what I found, too. Fortunately, we live in such a selfcentered capitalistic society and it sucks because it trains us to prioritize work and money above all else. Even friendships, even being there for other people and then again, it creates this culture where people are like, "Oh, I don't want to bother them. They're probably busy." Oh, I've heard so many people discuss this. Um the like in order to have a village, you need to be a villager. I think that's really true. I can't believe she's still trying to LAR as if she's this anti- capitalist revolutionary. This is such a hypocritical person. Her along with the LA streamer click that she's a part of. These people like Valkyrie and Hassan and Pokemon, they love to LAR as if they're anti- capitalist. But you take a look at how they actually live and as mentioned, complete hypocrites. So Pokemon spent most her life living in Canada. Then she decides to move to Los Angeles. She picks one of the most expensive areas in LA to move to and she does these collabs with these other people in the LA streamer click. Now, Pokemon goes on to do these house tours showing off these places that she lives and how expensive and nice they are. She does various streams where she's going around Rodeo Drive showing off these designer clothes and designer bags that she's buying. Then she goes on stream, has this Gucci hair clip in like in her hair on stream. Dude, I'm not even done and I'm already like in disbelief at the hypocrisy here. That's actually crazy. So, she continues going on with this very lavish materialistic lifestyle that she lives, right? And then she has this cookie business, Minina Cookies, where she makes these overpriced cookies to try to sell people, try to rip people off. She gets backlash for this and she calls the people criticizing her broke. There's another clip of her on stream talking about how she wants a revolution and wants to eat the rich and she pretends as if she's not rich >> and we hate the rich anyway. Too much or the rich? >> No. >> Then she's also talked about having multiple luxury apartments in various cities so she can swap between them whenever she wants. This was in no specific order. It's just a number of hypocrisies that I've seen Pokemon engage in. And I'm like, I'm actually in disbelief that this person is a real person. And then again, there are other people like her in the LA streamer click. Like, how is it even possible to be that much of a hypocrite? Dude, one of those things should be enough to make someone like that have some self-reflection and be like, yeah, you know what? That's hypocritical. Just the Gucci hair clip alone. You think that would be enough for her to be like, "Hey, wait a second. I I've done streams talking about being anti- capitalist and I'm sitting here with a Gucci hair clip, like on stream promoting Gucci." Yeah, it's pretty hypocritical. What does she do though? The complete opposite. That's just the tip of the iceberg. That's like the smallest thing. Then everything else on top of that. And to this day, she's still trying to pretend like she's anti- capitalist. I actually cannot believe this. I I said that already. Like, I can't believe this is a real person, but like it's astonishing, guys. It is astonishing. Then, as mentioned in the intro, I found something hilarious on her most recent stream. So, she's on stream. She says something about it being too cold, turns off the AC from her phone. A viewer says like, "Oh, that's so bougie." And her first instinct is to say, "Thank you." In what world would an anti- capitalist thank someone for calling them bougie? It goes to show that she doesn't even know her own rhetoric. Like, this is such a complete LAR. >> Last player standing. Let's go. We could have ruled this little together. Let's go. >> Time to stop. >> Back up. I turned off my AC. I'm sitting up. The game is kind of loud. I got you. I did bring it up the other day when I was playing with um Josh from your phone. What the bougie? It's actually I mean, thank you, but um I don't think it's that bougie. >> And sure, she says like, "Oh, I don't think it's that bougie." But she did say thank you first. And again, like if she wants to say like that's not bougie. Okay. What about the Gucci hair clip? What about all your clothes, your bag, your house, your apartments, like everything? [laughter] Like your whole entire lifestyle. Oh my gosh. That's That's really about it for the video, though. I am grateful that Pokemon provides very easy content, though. That's nice. Clearly, it's not intended, but hey, you know, something, I guess. So, I'll leave it there on this Sunday. Thank you all for tuning in. I hope you have a lovely rest of your weekend and a wonderful week ahead.