Ever feel like you're stuck in a rut? Like your life is just repeating the same day over and over again? Sitting in front of a computer making YouTube videos about terrible movies you hate and counting down the minutes until you can drink yourself into oblivion so the whole depressing cycle can start a new tomorrow. Wait, what was I saying? Anyway, the concept of being stuck in an endless cycle, repeating the same day over and over again is a plot device that's been used in countless movies, TV shows, and video games over the years. some more successful than others. But there's one movie that really popularized the concept and to this day remains not only a perfect example of how to use it, but also one of the most beloved and significant comedies ever made. I'm talking, of course, about Groundhog Day, the 1993 comedy starring Bill Murray as a cynical weather reporter who gets trapped in a small town in Pennsylvania during a snowstorm only to wake up the next morning and find he's repeating the same day as before. Part romance, part fantasy comedy, part philosophical musing on the nature of life, mortality, and the consequences of our actions. It's gone on to become one of the greatest comedies of all time, and one of the best films of Murray's entire career. Unfortunately, it's also famous for its nightmarishly long and difficult production, its bitter conflicts between cast and director that ended a 20-year friendship, and constant battles over the story, tone, and meaning of the entire film. In short, Groundhog Day really was production hell for everyone involved. So, let us learn about it together, shall we? The genesis for Groundhog Day began back in 1990 with a young screenwriter named Danny Rubin who had just moved out to LA to pursue his career. One day, he was reading Anne Rice's book, The Vampire List, and he was struck by the idea of how boring immortality would eventually become when you've seen everywhere and experienced everything that the world has to offer. He was intrigued by the idea and began to develop it into a script, marrying it with an earlier concept of a guy who wakes up every morning trapped in the same day to produce what would eventually become Groundhog Day. The script did the rounds of various agents and studios in Hollywood before eventually winding up on the desk of Harold Ramos, who it turned out was in a bit of a creative rut himself and wanted to try something different. And Groundhog Day seemed like the perfect project for him. With Ramos and Colombia Pictures signed on, the project was officially underway. The only problem is that Reubin's original draft was less of a comedy and more a sentimental romantic drama with philosophical aspirations. But Ramos saw the potential in it and went to work rewriting it. Something that Reuben bitterly resented but couldn't do anything about because he'd given up creative control. Damn, man. I wonder how many optimistic young script writers have watched their dreams get crushed the moment they signed on that dotted line. Anyway, one thing the two men did agree on was the cause of the time loop didn't need to be explained to the audience. Colombia executives demanded the exact opposite, though because they were convinced that viewers wouldn't understand the film otherwise. So, Ramos made up some [ __ ] about voodoo curses and mad scientists to appease the studio and intentionally scheduled all of those scenes to be filmed late in production so they'd never have time to actually get them done. Anyway, with the script coming together, the search was on for the lead actor to play Phil, the movie's protagonist. Chvy Chase, Tom Hanks, and Michael Keaton were all considered, but all of them turned the film down. So Ramos instead turned to his longtime friend and collaborator, Bill Murray, a decision that would be the making of the movie and the breaking of their friendship. Murray was intrigued by the concept and signed on, but pretty soon began to clash with Ramos about the tone and meaning of the film, and even took it upon himself to partner up with Reuben for a major rewrite. According to Reuben, it wasn't exactly a slick and efficient process either. Murray would show up hours late most days, get easily bored and distracted, and take them both off on random side quests whenever he felt like it. With just weeks to go before cameras were due to start rolling, Murray and Reuben finally turned in their revised script, which was closer in tone to Reubin's original concept. Ramos wasn't exactly thrilled to find out his entire movie had changed just weeks before filming was due to start, and so began another intensive round of rewrites that would last well into production itself. Because of these various disagreements, tensions were already running high when filming got underway in the small town of Woodstock Illinois in March 1992. And well, things didn't improve much from there. The first major issue was the weather. Temperatures most days were well below freezing and stayed that way for months with heavy snow that made it difficult to film outsides. But as the shoot dragged on and winter gave way to spring and summer, they found themselves with the opposite problem and had to film in hot summer weather, still wearing heavy winter clothes, surrounded by fake snow that had to be trucked in. Local businesses were also getting pissed off by the constant filming disruptions and started protesting to have the movie shut down completely. These were just minor problems at the end of the day though, as everyone soon discovered, the far bigger issue was Murray himself. He was going through a messy divorce at the time and was [ __ ] miserable and apparently vowed to make everyone else around him feel the same way. Most days he'd show up hours late to set, clashed constantly with cast and crew, and often straight up ignored Ramis' direction and just played scenes however he [ __ ] wanted. It was pretty obvious that the two men were trying to make two very different movies at the same time. Ramos wanted a light-hearted romantic comedy and Murray was going for something more somber, thoughtful, and introspective. Their conflicting approaches led to a constant battle over script rewrites that continued well into the shoot and often ended with Murray throwing a tantrum whenever he didn't get his own way. Eventually, it all became too much for Ramis, who snapped under the pressure, grabbed Murray by the collar and slammed him up against the wall. Can't say I blame the guy, really. He wasn't the only one to have a go at him either. In the scene where Rita slaps Phil across the face, Murray told Andy McDow to really go for it and slap him for real. And well, by that point, she was only too happy to oblige. The conflicts and disagreements continued right up until the filming of the final scenes, where Murray's character finally breaks out of the loop and wakes up the next morning beside Rita. Nobody could quite decide whether they should still be wearing yesterday's clothes or new ones to prove that the loop was over and they'd been intimate together. So, it went to a vote and ended up split right down the middle. Eventually, it fell to a young member of the production staff to make the deciding vote with everyone watching her. No pressure then. And she decided they should keep yesterday's clothes on because anything else would ruin the movie. Even Murray smiled at that one. Groundhog Day turned out to be a modest success when it was first released, bringing in about $70 million during its run and getting mixed to positive reviews from critics. Not exactly a stellar reception, but as the years passed, people began to reassess the film's deeper themes and ideas of change, redemption, and the impact of one life on others. and its reputation slowly grew amongst critics who began to see it as more than just a screw ball romantic comedy with a quirky premise. These, days,, it's, considered, one, of the greatest comedies ever made. An absolutely timeless classic and regularly gets listed in polls of the top hundred movies of all time. Unfortunately for Murray and Ramos, none of these accolades meant much. The damage done to their friendship turned out to be permanent. Murray refused to go to the film's premiere and didn't even speak with Ramos again for more than 20 years, only reconciling with him shortly before his death in 2014. And you know what? That right there is entirely on him. And yeah, I know I'm going, off, on, a, bit, of a, tangent, here, but [ __ ] it. This is something I've been wanting to get off my chest for years now, and it's the perfect time. People seem to conveniently write off all kinds of shitty behavior on Murray's part with the vague excuse of, "Well, it's Bill Murray, and that's just how he is." Sure, I guess. But how he is is kind of a petty, spiteful, self-absorbed [ __ ] who's managed to piss off almost every person that's ever worked with him and was willing to throw out a 20-year friendship because he was too immature to apologize, but also happened to be just talented enough to get away with all of it. I mean, I definitely can't fault the guy's achievements as an actor, that's for sure. And when the stars align once every decade or so, and the guy brings his agame to a project he actually gives a [ __ ] about instead of just taking a quick and easy paycheck he's able to make real magic happen on screen. But holy [ __ ] people need to stop glazing Bill Murray and overlooking all his faults and missteps like he's this infallible messiah of comedy. He's not. He's just a man like any other with all the flaws and shortcomings that go with it. Anyway, rant over. It's hard for me to say whether all these clashing personalities and opposing ideas ultimately helped or hindered Groundhog Day. But one thing I can't deny is that something pretty special emerged from the chaotic hell of its production. It's the kind of movie that only comes along once in a very long time. A comedy with both a heart and a brain, and it's practically impossible to come by today. So, whatever it took to get this thing made, I'm glad they find a way to make it happen. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.