I owed you guys this video for a long time now and I'm happy to finally be here and make it. So, it's going to be pretty raw and not very edited, but I hope you guys will appreciate that. So, first and foremost, I want to thank you guys so much for just uh trusting me. Well, most of you. I know some of you got like disillusioned and you're like, you haven't announced it. You haven't talked about it. You said it was going to be out. What's going on? Um, I was quiet on purpose to save the project to make sure that it happens, to make sure everything goes the way I want because I've noticed in the last 10 years of doing this that whenever I do open my mouth about stuff, it just things just go wrong. So, I now just move in silence. I just straight up move in silence and you guys will see the final product. So, for those of you who trusted me the whole way, thanks so much. And, uh, now you guys know why. So, um, with TC, I just DM'd him. I slid into the DMs and then he replied and he literally just gave me, uh, his, uh, manager's info and I hit him up. I emailed and I called him. I just cold cold called him. Just like literally dialed his number and he answered and I told him who I was and he was interested. And then we hopped on a Zoom call with him and TC with Tony and TC. Shout out Tony. And then I showed him the script and I told him a bit about myself and um yeah, we really hit it off actually. It was like, you know, talking to old friends. It was cool. And so he was down. He was interested. We set up a time about four or five months went by and I booked a studio in Atlanta. I said, "No, I'm going to come out. I'm going to fly to you. I want to direct in the booth. I want to experience it with you and it's going to be better. So I did just that. Went in hour and a half session and we went through it all. It was pretty cool. Um we got food together and uh we had a great time and then I went to his concert that night cuz he's also a singer if you didn't know. He's a great voice. Uh, a lot of people are asking, you know, how how is Disney okay with this? Disney hasn't they're not involved. And um, this is not a official movie or any this is a fan film. It's a fan production and TC's lending his voice for free. He's not accepting any money for this at all beyond that. So, we will be doing several sabers together. These will be TC Edition sabers. These will be a signature series by TC, limited editions. We will be doing one from the fan film which has a badass design. And then we'll be doing another one which will have um exclusive fonts with his voice. And you can probably guess what that saber is going to be inspired by and what it's going to look like. And it's going to be pretty freaking badass for sure. But that's all I can say about that for now. And then beyond that, we'll probably do more and stuff. But um yeah, I mean we're friends. Like we're we hit it off. So he'll also be joining me at uh the theory sabers booth at Mega Con uh for all of the days along with Nick Gillard who's also going to be at the booth. And then of course my team's going to be there and we'll be selling sabers and merch. We have a new uh shipment of the episode 2 hoodies. You guys can grab those as well. definitely like I wanted to hold off on the project and make sure everything is in place for TC to be the voice of Mace Window. And we recorded the whole thing, episode 2 and three. Now, episode two. Um, God, I don't know if this is going to be the video where I go into detail on like what it took to actually make this happen. I want to. I just don't know if it's the right time really. Let's go all the way back to the first one. So, the first one released in 2018. Uh, yeah, 2018. We started on it in 2017, released in 2018, and it was live action. And I did the best with it as I could. I had a very big team. I had a lot of people yapping in my ear, telling me to do this, telling me to do that. A lot of things I regret um in and outside of the film. And uh so, you know, when it came time to doing the second one, those people were still yapping in my ear. You know, do this, do that, this cut, that cut, this fee, that fee. Uh we should do it live action, blah blah blah. on and all this and um it it I was still very green in the space of being inexperienced with making films. Uh like I knew what I wanted but I felt like oh maybe you know professionals should handle it for me or whatever and I should be paying them x amount of dollars that they want to make it happen and I just didn't um I didn't realize that I have everything that I require up here and it took time. So luckily unluckily luckily you know things were de delayed with uh the pandemic in 2020 and it caused the whole thing to basically be delayed for years. So in that time yeah I was just basically waiting and I'm like how are we going to do this? This is very difficult and I was thinking of ways and we were looking at ways and I eventually decided to do my own thing. I eventually decided to do this all on my own and there were a lot of um ups and downs with that that I'd rather not get into. But I eventually I detached from everyone and I did it I wanted to do it myself. So then I started with one new team to do it VFX and I released that little uh Mace Wendu cinematic that you guys saw and that was really just a tester. I just wanted to see what you guys thought of it. I wanted to see how it looked. Is it going to look good? And it looked okay. It wasn't bad, but it would it gave me enough of the um the confidence to move forwards in full VFX during the time of the pandemic because I'm like, "Okay, well, at least I can have people working at home on their computers, employing them, you know, paying them and we can get this done faster cuz I didn't know when it was going to end." So, we started that. It was just long story short, it was not it. And I fired the whole team, got rid of them. Everything that was done, you know, the the 40 to 60 or grand or whatever was unusable. It was [ __ ] It was garbage. And so I couldn't use that and I didn't want to use that to just save money or what. Anyways, it would have cost me more to like re to fix everything. So I'm like, you know what, scrap it. Let's just start from scratch. Then I was working with someone and this is a legal case, so I can't really speak on it publicly too much yet. Basically, there was uh someone I was working with who was doing stuff with my videos and my voice, doing advertisements and such for Star Wars Theory, and they owed me six figures, you know, from what I was going to be paid for all of that work. And then they uh they they stopped paying me. They positioned themselves as someone that they eventually weren't. And they ended up lying to me and to another company, media company, that they were a facilitator, but to me, they told me that they were uh a studio. So, there's that. And it really put a damper on my mood. It really, really, really, really [ __ ] with me. And um and I was really angry for a long time. And this guy just just vanished and then filed for bankruptcy and just [ __ ] you completely [ __ ] off. And so that set me back, you know, with starting episode two and then that it just set me back. I really I had plans. I wanted to do the film and I wanted to start Theory Savers and I had enough money to do it and I knew that there was money coming, but I'm like, you know, and this guy kept saying, "Oh yeah, I'm going to pay you. I'm going to pay you." And like 6 to 8 months went by and I'm just I I'm a really nice person. I was not anymore. I'm a dick now. I was a really nice person. Um, and I just believed everybody and I was just extremely gullible uh many, many times. And I've been taken advantage of a lot being online, a lot by people, by people I've worked with. They just see either clout or they see money and then they eventually just turn on me once they get what they want. And so anyways, that, you know, put me in a bit of a financial pit hole. And then Star Wars started going not as great as it was. So the channel wasn't doing as well anymore. people weren't really interested in lore and fanfictions and blah blah blah. And then I was going through a really bad breakup personally and it like completely changed my personality for a bit and I just wasn't happy with that. U wasn't happy with where I was, who I was. I was just like bitter and angry and just it was just a lot of [ __ ] that was going on and I just didn't handle it well. And so all that kind of put me in a hole where I was like [ __ ] like I had to sell my dream car and I worked really hard for this. I I I I sold it. I sold it and um I used the money from it, which I still lost on that. I used the money from it to start paying people to restart episode 2 and then to start Theory Savers at the both at the same time because I could see I'm like, "Okay, this money is going to dry up because YouTube is not what it once was." So, I started Theory Savers at the same time as I started episode two, restarting episode two for like the third time. And uh I started taking the money from Theory Sabers and then funding the fan film to pay pay the pay the artists while still funding Theory Sabers, expanding Theory Sabers. We're doing really well. Hiring people, getting a warehouse, hitting conventions, all that stuff. Fast forward exclusives, doing products, lawyers, um you know, protecting myself and the company, trademarking everything. Yeah, it dude it was tight. And um I'm still not done yet, right? Like so so so growing that big company at the same time as doing a uh $20,000 a month roughly US uh fan film. Two years, you know, it's been two over two years now that I've been paying for this. Everything was happening like like everything was moving. Everything was moving. I I took out loans. I took out line of credits. Um, I sold things to just make sure everything happens. That the two number one things are the fan film to continue, which I won't make money from anyways, but it's something I promised you guys, and I'm just I'm a man of my word. I'm honest. And and the company to pay my my people on there to keep it going, to grow it. And it's growing astronomically as I thought it would. And I knew that if I wanted to stand out, I can't just be reselling [ __ ] from the same manufacturer that like every other saber company is reselling, right? I have to add value which costs a lot of money in itself, right? So then now the company is costing me money. The fan film is costing me money. Then I got my personal life. I got a mortgage. I got, you know, so [ __ ] Then I got bills and lines of credit and all this [ __ ] that I got to pay off to fund these, float these. Bro, it has been quite the two years. So that's pretty much what I've gone through to like make all of this happen. But hasn't been easy, but life's not easy. So, but as far as TC working on this, man, I'm really excited. He brought some fire to this [ __ ] He brought some real emotion to this and and I knew that um okay, I can get, you know, someone who sounds like Mace who's a fan or something like that or he's not really like like a real voice actor, but I knew if I could get TC. So anyways, um we will be making sabers together. Those will be limited editions. all the sabers, everything, the merch especially, everything that you guys purchase goes into funding all of this and then, you know, like paying off the lines of credits and [ __ ] that I had to like do to get everything going. But yeah, [ __ ] we made it almost. It's almost out. Movie's almost done. And I'll be renting a um a beautiful theater in LA, most likely a pretty big theater, one that you guys all know um in LA for this because I want it to be a really fun experience for the community. And that's it. There's my cards so you guys can see everything. I really love you guys. I love what I do and I've loved what I've been doing for the last 10 years. As interesting and and uh unpredictable and bumpy as it's been, but I'm just really happy to still be here. I'm lucky to be able to do this. So, where I want to go after this, of course, focus more on Theory Savers, grow that once I won't have the uh the the massive chunk of money from the movie. Um, grow that. take a bit of a break and then start on episode three once I'm in a much better position and I want to focus on me a little bit. I want to take some vacations. I want to enjoy life a little bit. Uh for the last 2 years it's been it's taken a toll for sure. Definitely more gray in my beard now once I grow it out. Um and I want to release my book. I'm I've been writing a book and I'm I'd say more than halfway done now. You know, it's a trilogy but uh the first book is almost done and it's phenomenal. It's a really interesting, cool story that I'm really proud of and I think it's super deep. I think it's super cool and I'm excited to introduce these new characters to you guys because it draws a lot of themes from Star Wars and, you know, superheroes and Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings. Bit of a long video. Hope you guys sat through it. Let me know if you did. If you did, I want you to uh I want you to type the vore v when I release my book. you'll know what that means. Okay. Yeah. So, we got the new hoodie that's out. We have all the new hats. We have a order 66 revenge hat and then we're releasing a uh a new hoodie and uh shorts which are really cool. Like I don't want to get into details, but they are Dude, it's I just got the sample yes few days ago and tried it on. We're going to make some more changes to it that I think would be sweet. But anyways, that's it. Love you guys. Hope you enjoy the film when it's out. And for those of you who want to come out to the premiere, uh, it's going to be free. So, hope that answered all of your questions. Love you guys. Have a great day. >> Now, fulfill your destiny.