are all having a baby. Oh [ __ ] I'm going to get dad. What? I don't think you have the facilities for that, big man. [Music] Just a few days ago, I made a video talking about The Last of Us Part Two and the damage control out there. And of course, the mainstream is at it again, trying to blame the fans for a bad television show. Just like they blame the fans for bad video games, they blame the fans for bad movies. It can't be the people involved with the creative process. No, no, no. It has to be the fans fault. So, here's GameSpot. Last of Us season 2 is now being reviewbombed because of course it is. I love the replies here. Kada. Oh no, a bad show is being called bad. Uh, the next person, oh no, turns out people know a girl can't be a dad. What an absolute shock. And that's a reference to this scene right here with Ellie saying, "So, we're having a baby. Us and Jesse, too. We're having a baby. I'm going to be a dad." Pure comedy. Pure mental illness and pure comedy. The Last of Us season 2 is now being review bomb because of course it is. The latest episode is now is taking the biggest hit from user reviews. Um, and then it talks about The Last of Us becoming a pop culture phenomenon. uh and how many people that are watching the series never played the game. Uh the series filled the void left by Game of Thrones and became event television. After 2 years, the series returned with shocking moments and rating highs. But another trend has become all too common in the fandom. Over on sister site Metacritic, season 2 has earned a mustwatch badge and universal acclaim with the current score of 81. These are from The Shills, by the way, with reviews uh from over 42 established critics. On the flip side, the user score sank uh the show to a generally unfavorable status with 542 user reviews and a 60 and 61% of them voting a zero or a one. The thing is, most of those reviews contain no actual critique and are still complaining about the woke culture and asking, "Can we just have straight characters? There is nothing of nuance or value." The latest episode, Day One, has Ellie, played by Bella Ramsey and Dena exploring explore some of Seattle. Oh, yeah. Let's see what some of exploring Seattle looks like. So, this is the problem that people are having with this show. Woke [ __ ] virtue signaling. The Last of Us season 2, episode 4, was one of the wokest episodes of TV of all time. Um, and right here it shows some of these image, some of the imagery, and of course, um, the pride flags and all of this other [ __ ] Uh, the fact that Ellie claims she's going to be a dad. Um, this show is garbage. Now, I my last video I talked about this. I talked about how history is repeating itself because The Last of Us, the first video game, um, everybody loved it. Everybody was happy with it. And then the second one came out and the second one had all of these expectations. It had manipulative marketing and ultimately we found out that Joel was murdered at the hands of Abby. Big Abby Pump is your hookup. Holler if you hear me. Um, and everything fell apart from that point in time. No one cared. Everyone hated on the game. Uh the same narratives were going on during this time uh that are going on now about this TV show. And you see the TV show following in the same footsteps where people that were watching the show enjoyed the first season. I watched the first three episodes. I believe I enjoyed the first two episodes and then I got to the third episode and I said, "I'm not watching this garbage anymore." Um but people that have never seen the game were watching this show. Apparently they were enjoying it. we get to season two and in this episode of course uh what happens is or not this episode but the episode I think it was episode two I might be mistaken about this but episode two is where Joel met the golf club um just like he did in the video game at the hands of big Abby Pump and the show has been off the rails since then and people are sick and tired of it so you're seeing the same type of response to The Last of Us Season 2, as you saw with Last of Us Part Two, the video game, and the mainstream is running as much interference as they possibly can, and everyone is sick of it. No one cares about this show, and everyone is tired of the woke propaganda. Here's Data Eraser says, "Thast of Us 2 was already pretty woke, and the Pride Town made its appearance tonight. Episode 4 just beats you over the head with propaganda, which is exactly what people are sick and tired of. So, no GameStop uh spot. There's no um review bombing going on. What you have is people don't like the propaganda and the [ __ ] within this show and they're voicing that displeasure. I've already said a million times, review bombing is the most pathetic excuse in the world. Now, does review bombing happen? Yes, but not in the way that the media tries to portray it. Review bombing is always going to be part of fandom. Fan is short for fanatic. People get very, very emotionally invested, positively negatively. There's a such thing as positive review bombing. there's a such thing as negative review bombing because ultimately all it really is is people giving their opinion based on what you're doing. And that's always going to be skewed in some way, shape, or form. But why don't I ever hear about positive review bombing when woke activists are out there upvoting something just because it has the message in it? Why don't I hear the complaints from the mainstream media about positive review bombing? Because it doesn't fit the narrative. So, in reality, all review bombing truly is is fans reacting passionately in positive and negative ways because that's how fandom works and there's nothing wrong with that. Let people have their voices. And if people are choosing to utilize their time and their energy to give a passionate answer to a product positively or negatively, I don't think that's a bad thing at all. And I stand by that completely. You guys let me know your thoughts in the comments below. Thank you very much for checking out this video. Solo loss money. Raos are weird. [ __ ] naughty dog forever. And we will talk to you later. [Music]