Well, the hammer just got put down. Donald Trump has just fired Department of Homeland Security leader Christy Gnome after a massive scandal, massively lying under oath. I do think that there are several other things that led to her firing, including I think her handling of the Alex Prey situation where essentially the the word out of DHS was uh you know, people who protect themselves are bad and uh instead of being like, well, Alex Prey, you know, got you know, effed around and found out. This is massive news. This is the first cabinet firing, I think, of the next term. This has now been confirmed. Trump has fired Christy Gnome in first cabinet shakeup of the second term. He taps senator for replacement. President Trump has announced he has fired Homeland Security Secretary Christy Gnome in the first cabinet shakeup of the second term. Look, deportation numbers not enough. Hair and makeup photo shoots for Ice Barbie too many. I I mean, look, I love my female viewers. I do. But I feel like Trump has this soft spot for women and so he he like he he's so afraid of people saying that he's like a misogynist that he takes underqualified women and gives them jobs because Chrissy Gnome, you know, the deportation numbers haven't been great. Pam Bondi has been an unmititigated disaster. Um, you know, but RFK Jr. seems to be doing just fine. Pete Hath seems to be doing just fine. Um, Marco Rubio uh is basically making himself an odds on favor to be running for president in the next either next term or the term after that. A lot of his cabinet picks are very very good, but uh this Chrissy Noom has been disastrous. I I think um you know South Park got to use her as a cudgel against Trump. The the whole thing was just bad. I am pleased to announce Trump announced a move after growing outraged in Christy Gnome's testimony to Congress this week with that he approved to a $220 million budget for ads featuring Christy Gnome. Quote, I'm pleased to announce that the highly respected United States Senator from the great state of Oklahoma, Mark William Mullen, will become the United States Secretary of Homeland Security effective March 31st, 2026. Trump wrote on Truth Social. In fact, let's pull up his Truth Social because I want to get his I want to get uh some live reacts here. You know, some some live reaction. Uh let's go here. Let's pull up Trump. I'm pleased to announce the highly respect. Now, maybe he did approve this, but wait, I don't want to reply. I just want to see the replies. Here it is. So, I'm pleased to announce a highly respected United States Senator serving 10 years in the House of Representatives and three in Senate. Mark Wayne has done a tremendous job representing the wonderful people of Oklahoma where I won 77 out of 77 countries counties, sorry, in 2026, 2020, and 2024. A mega warrior, a former undefeated professional MMA fighter, Mark Wayne truly gets along with the people. He knows the wisdom and courage required to advance our America first agenda. As the only Native American in the Senate, Mark Wayne is a fantastic advocate for incredible tribal communities. Mark Wayne will work tirelessly to keep our border secure, stop migrant crime, murderers, and other criminals. Um, great. Now, let's see. Let's see some of the replies. Shout out Mark. He doesn't really He doesn't really look Native American. He doesn't really He doesn't really look Native American to me. Um, you know, excellent choice. He's a mega senator. We'll have America back. Um, I mean, great, great. I'm seeing some of the replies here. People seem pretty happy. Shutting down the rhetoric from the left. Otherwise, this wouldn't be happening. A smart strategic move by President Trump. We can't afford to lose a great conservative senator right now. Not with the rhino thoon running things. Uh exceptional choice. People seem to be really pumped about Mark Wayne. So I I'm not as familiar with him. Uh but not uh not a good look. The current secretary gnome who has served as well and has had numerous and spectacular results especially on the border will be moving to the special envoy for the shield of Americans. Our new security initiative in the western hemisphere we are announcing on Saturday in Doral Florida. I thank Christy for her service at Homeland. Trump dedicated the reminder of that like comments won't be missed. So hard to find any woman who can succeed as an executive leader without all the feelings and drama. She got a fair chance. So, moving Christy to a new position. The administration is a firing. Okay. I mean, it's a fake job. She's fired. Um, I dislike Chrissy Gnome commercials. Trump really may need to step down and be replaced by Dr. Carson or Dannis instead. Wait, I like them. Uh, I don't think so. You know, this says um Speaker Mike Johnson has raised the possible need for change at the top of the Department of Homeland Security during a recent retreat for senior Republicans in Fort Lauderdale. The prospect is not straightforward however with Republicans privately fretting they may not have the 51 votes needed to confirm a replacement and fear it would give the Democrats a boost amid a partial government shutdown over DHS funding. The last straw, however, came when Gnome told Senator John Kennedy under oath that she'd been given Trump's approval for a $220 million taxpayer funding campaign designed to boost her national profile. "I never knew anything about it," Trump told Reuters in a phone interview. "The cinematic advert showed the former South Dakota governor on horseback at Mount Rushmore, galloping besides a stampede, a bison, and a cowboy hat. I mean, what an idiot. Now, is it is it possible that he really didn't know anything about it? Sure. Sure. It it is it is possible. It is is absolutely possible that he didn't know anything about it. It's also possible that he did know something about it and uh said, you know, and is unhappy with other things and that's why she got fired. I I I think that it probably was a good time uh a good time for a change. I think that ICE and the Department of Homeland Security have been doing a good job on the border, but Chrissy Gnome just made the job too much about her. That's what it felt like to me. I thought it was cringe where she was going on these like ICE raids with, you know, with uh with all all this makeup on. It just wasn't a good look. I I don't think it was a good look for Trump. It wasn't a good look uh for Mega, at least in my opinion. Um Norm squirmed under Louisiana Senator's slow burning draw as he methodically dismantled her defense line by line. The president approved ahead of time you spending $220 million running TV ads across the country in which you are featured prominently. Kennedy asked. Well, no. It uh it's it absolutely I mean it's it's crazy women am I right now obviously not you know hashall women but uh Pam Bondi Pam Bondi and Pam Bondi and sorry my live stream started there >> Pam Bondi and I mean I wish it were Pam Bondi. I think Pam Bondi is by far worse, but if she really did lie under oath, that's obviously you gotta fire her because the the Democrats are just going to run, you know, like the Democrats are just going to run with, you know, this smear on Trump. So, he's got no, you know, he's got no, you know, I don't know what she was think. What was she thinking? Here's the question. >> But the president approved ahead of time you spending >> I'm assuming he they knew he didn't approve it and that's why they were asking >> $220 million running TV ads across the country in which you fe are featured prominently. >> Yes sir. We went through the legal processes. Did it correctly do this? >> Yes, >> he did. >> Yes. >> Okay. Um, >> and one thing, Senator, I think would be helpful to know is how effective that communications has been, that effective in your name recognition. Um, >> right. >> I mean, I I I personally just I mean, to me, it puts the president in a terribly awkward spot. >> He's right. He's right. The ad was, you know, and then, you know, uh, press about Steven Miller. the the two killings in Minneapolis. I I believe at the time um you you said these were acts of domestic terrorism. Is that right? >> Y >> uh sir, in answer to questions at the press conference that afternoon, uh it was that it appeared to be >> Yeah. But you said it app these appeared to be acts of domestic terrorist. And as I've said previously in this hearing is that >> first madam secretary did you say >> did you say information from a chaotic scene on the ground >> say what got my attention >> she did say that she also blamed the weapons you know just a just absolute bungled of a job um is it is very very bad this is a very very bad um you know then they got asked about an affair >> then is the question have you made Cy Lewendowski, your de facto chief of staff who possesses an unchecked level of power at DHS. So, according to the Wall Street Journal, you and Mr. L have a close relationship >> that has made President Trump quote uncomfortable. President reportedly denounced Corey Lewendowski as your chief of staff due to reports of a romantic relationship between the two of you. Corey has a decadesl long record of physical battery, sexual harassment, and lobbying for Venezuelan order. As director of Department of Homeland Security, have you had sexual relations with Cory Lwendowski? >> Mr. Chairman, I am shocked that we're going down and pedalling tabloid garbage in >> I mean, just all the drama. I I don't I want Rubio's I want the memes to be about how hard you're working about how many, you know, things you're getting done. The Rubio memes where he's like, "Oh, he runs. He's the new Ayatollah. He's the new he has, you know, all this stuff to do." But that's funny to me because it's about how hard he's working. The memes about Christy Dome were not funny. She was a stain on the Trump administration and uh you know it's it's just I hope I hope you know out of the entire administration she gets she is the most attention-seeking one. I don't know Pam Bondi's pretty pretty big distraction but don't fire her just disappear professionally. I mean that's what they did. Is her boyfriend heading out the door? I mean I don't I don't know. I I you know, $220 million in ads on taxpayer. I mean, that should be that's fireable. And there were basically ads promoting herself. Absolutely ridiculous. Uh hopefully the next guy uh takes over and uh we get some we keep the momentum going and we don't have the distractions. I hope you were informed by this video. If you were, please do leave a like on it. If you haven't yet, please subscribe or follow down below and we'll talk to you again real soon.