Fellow Canadians, please stand together and sing in our new national anthem. Hey. Oh Canada, you wore the frozen crown, proclaimed you own the sport, then watched it all melt down. Oh Canada, for all your hockey lore. When the eagle sore, your goose was cooked and gold flew south once more. Oh CAN YOUR DREAMS of be great can only now be realized if you become the first. What's everyone? Jeremy here from the quartering and we have perhaps the most brutal ratio in internet history. The most brutal backlash backfire epic fail in history. And that comes just hours after Team USA, not just the women, but also the men both earned their way to gold medals and ice hockey. Uh, and it was particularly sweet for Americans because Canada has dominated for many, many years. I'm not going to pretend like I actually watch sports. So, I get the lore here where Canada has been dominant for the past 30 years or whatever, you know, and uh, they do, you know, have the have the pedigree, but they lost to Team USA in an epic way yesterday. And so America's going to do what America does enchant USA and uh you know Cash Patel is going to be you know regardless of how people feel about it. You know Cash Patel is going to be in that uh locker room. He plays hockey. He likes hockey. Um you know it's not like he was just there as you know a figure head and uh you know people are absolutely melting down about that. How about we just enjoy that Team USA had an epic victory, but not the woke media. They had big big problems about it. But America for once wasn't having it. I mean, you have I mean, this is basically a lot of people in this country woke up very very early uh and right before church got greeted with this. You say you I can't I can't I can't I can't not get it. I can't not get involved in it. All right. I I'm only a human. All right. and I'm an American. So, we have this thing called patriotism here. The mainstream media has told people for the past, you know, hundred years now that that's an evil thing and that we shouldn't be proud of our country and that makes you an evil bad guy from World War II if you have pride in your country. We're just kind of over that nonsense. And the Huffington Post decided, well, let's dump all over it. If you're waving the American flag or chanting USA, if that turns you off right now, you're not alone. Um, let's look at what happened here. A response from Jimmy's famous seafood with a symbol, go yourself. 119,000 likes. 119,000 likes. Now, I'm wondering Jimmy's Seafood. Let me see if I can actually see if we uh if we have any updated numbers. Jimmy's Seafood, both S's. Okay, Jimmy's Seafood. Uh they are spicy on the main. Let's see if that reply is still up. Let's see if they still are holding uh strong. I'm guessing that it appears that they are. Um, let's see. Here it is. Uh, if waving the American flag or chatting, you say turns off right now. U can't wait to try this place. I love me some crab cakes. Uh, yeah, the reply is still there. It has 183,000 likes. I mean, this is what America has to say with that. Just followed you. This is the only acceptable response to the Huffington Post. Uh, I have never followed an account as fast as I have today. Instant follow the ratio to end all ratios. I mean, Jimmy Seafood, uh, you know, I don't know if I'll ever be in in the area where they are, but you see this is like when cheering for team USA requires therapy, something has gone very, very wrong. Huffington Post Olympic takes uh Olympics takes take turns patriotism into a psychological problem. We have a late edition for the dumbest thing written by the media during the 2026 Winter Olympics and it comes from the Huffington Post. Actually, it's not even a late edition. There's a name for the discomfort you're feeling watching the Olympics right now. The headline reads, "Huffington Post originally published the article near the start of the games, but decided it was just so good they had to publish it a second time right before Team USA faced Canada in the gold medal game in men's hockey." Also, shout out to the women who won gold. If waving an American flag or chanting USA turns you off right now, you're not alone. The th headline reads, "Uh, whoops, I dropped the I held on to the accent a little too long. Apparently, the Olympics were not complete until someone in the left-wing media decided patriotism required a mental illness diagnosis, which is fascinating because these are the same people who believe that being transgender is quote an identity and not a mental illness. And that's besides the point. While President Donald Trump's deportation agenda separates families and federal agents detain 5-year-olds uh and take out unarmed civilians, American athletes are winning medals on behalf of the nation at the Olympics right now. The first paragraph reads, "Framing the deportation of illegal immigrants as separating families immediately alerts the readers that the author has no interest at all in providing reasonable commentary but is committed to the idol ideological agenda." In addition, casting Alex Petti, who appeared to be armed at a protest of Renee Good, who tried to weaponize her vehicle as unarmed civilians uh taken up by feds, is both misleading and wildly irresponsible. But that's not what we're talking about right now. Patriotism equals mental illness. Now, this is something that the mainstream media has tried has really tried to push onto Americans basically ever since, you know, the probably 2016 election, this idea that um loving your country is bad. Now, it's not bad if you're gay and you love, you know, it's a huge part of your agenda, your identity, or if you're trans or if you're black or if you're we have a whole month for black people. Uh if if Canada is really proud of their country and they want to be uh you know, problem or uh you know, patriotic, that's fine. If the UK wants to be patriotic, that's fine. But in America, it's mental illness. The Huffington Post interviewed three therapists for this quote story about rooting for the United States at the Olympics. "The cognitive dissonance of rooting for US sports while hating the US government is so common that it continues to be one of the main topics I hold a space for in therapy," said Los Angeles-based licensed clinical social worker Amy Montto Rosa. As we continue to witness national global atrocities in real time, it can trigger feelings of guilt, despair, shame, and anger. Nah, dude. I was just jacked up for uh you know, where is this one guy? Um he scored the winning goal. I love this country. I think this was Oh, the Oh, yeah. Right here. How about this? So this is pretty >> the emotions of this moment right now. >> This is all this is all about our country right now. I I love the USA. I love my teammates. It's unbelievable. The USA hockey brotherhood is so strong and we have so much support from Max players. I'm so proud to be American today. >> Woo. Nothing wrong with that. By the way, if he was German and they had won some and he said he was proud to be German, what would be the problem with that? absolutely nothing. By the way, this guy got his teeth knocked out and still managed to score the winning goal if I remember correctly. Again, I am a hockey normie. So, yeah, you can see he's got his tooth knocked out, blood on his other teeth, stayed in the game, unlike any one of these NBA players that make a hundred times more money than anybody in hockey who have like a finger injury and then they're out for the season. I think I had I think I had a clip for that which was pretty hilarious. By the way, Donald Trump posted this on his uh true social. Trudeau, you can't take our country and you can't take our game. But you can see uh if you're watching Donald Trump uh absolutely dominating the Canadian hockey team, looking some has some excellent stick work there. laying down a brutal check there, celebrating like an absolute Chad. Here he is with some great stick work. All right, there we go. Nice steel by the president. Yep, nice work. I mean again why can't like are we not allowed to Yeah, that Oh, nice to get into a fight. He's just bubbling the Canadian guy. I mean, look, I it's okay to love your country, you know, and this idea where, you know, the Huffington Post, look at this. Trump posts unhinged video of himself as US Olympic hockey hero and Trump calls hockey and people are upset about this. And again, you can feel whatever way you want to feel about Cash Patel being there. I know he's not wellliked right now, but let's just put that aside for this epic call that President Trump calls the hockey team with >> one minute. And by the way, your goalie played not bad. >> Your goalie played not bad. He had probably one of the best saves I've ever seen in my life. I'm sure there are better saves out there, but it's one of the best saves I've ever seen. >> Say hi. SAY HI TO HOW YOU DOING, DON? >> I have seen hockey goalies have slightly worse games. >> Slightly worse. >> Unbelievable. And you were all unbelievable. And that team is pretty good. You've played I don't know again anytime soon, right? You know, >> I love that the guy I don't know if that's cash, but he's just like not President Trump's on the phone. He's still cracking a beer. >> Tell you what, I just told my people two minutes ago, I didn't know they'd be calling. I said, "We're giving the State of the Union speech on Tuesday night. I could send the military plan or something, but if you would like to, it's the mo It's the coolest night. It's the biggest >> We're in Can you pick us up in Miami on Tuesday morning? Tuesday morning. Go to the northern border. >> We'll get the military to get you guys over. >> Boys are going to the State of the Union. >> The nice thing about being president is I can tell you, you don't have to worry about the weather or landing. We don't care if it's snowing, if it's a worst blizzard, be sailing through that just like you did in the ice. >> Thank you, Mr. president. No, we'll do it at the White House anytime. >> What would really be cool, and we'll do the White House the next day. We'll just have some fun. We have medals for you guys. And we have to, I must tell you, we're going to have to bring the woman's team. You do know that. >> I do believe I probably would be impeached. Okay. >> And this was everyone was upset about this. It's just a joke. He's just joking. Okay. And by the way, the women's team a thousand% um deserves to be there too, right? Like a thousand% deserves to be there. They won gold medals, too. >> But anyway, uh if you could work that out, I would be honored to have you. I'll introduce you to the >> I got it, boss. I got it. >> Okay, you got it. Cash is doing it. I'm happy. >> I'm on it. >> Congratulations. That was an unbelievable game. I don't know of one person that wasn't. Everybody that called me said, "I'm watching the hockey game." You know, I don't know of anybody that wasn't. And you're going to be proud of that game for 50 years as you grow older. I mean, it was amazing. So, we love you guys. Congratulations. And I hope to see you, Cash, Tuesday night. And I want to shake hands. I'm going to shake hands with everybody, but I got to shake hands with that goalie. >> See you Tuesday night. We'll see you Tuesday night, Mr. President. >> See you Tuesday night. >> I'm driving the bus, boss. WE'RE BREAKING THE WHOLE >> I mean I mean what is there to be mad about? Like I know. Yeah, one of the alltime great saves. Look, I I know people are mad at Cash, but take him out of it. Oh, he made a joke about the women's team. Yeah, so what? Enjoy the win, boys. I look forward to seeing you at the State of the Union on Tuesday. Hope you enjoyed this video. We'll talk to you again real soon. Being on the redeemer. merch.