[music]
Right, let's have a look at this little lady. And by little lady, I mean uh
code. Cuz this is Tilly Norwood. Tilly Norwood
is an actor. No, she's not. No, it's not.
Tilly Norwood lives in London. No, it doesn't. Cuz it doesn't exist.
Tilly Norwood is an AI created actress that they are
trying to sign to us to a a an agency. Now
look, here's Tilly Norwood in New York. No. Here's Tilly Norwood acting in a
fantasy film. No. Here's Tilly Norwood taking a drive in a
car. No. None of this exists. Meet AI adult pretender
Tilly Norwood. And why are Hollywood stars like Emily Blunt outraged
by her arrival? Stop referring to it as a as a as a human being. It's not. It's
an AI piece of code. She doesn't exist. It's not a human. It's not a him or a
her. With her glossy [clears throat] AI generated Instagram feed, Norwood
could be mistaken for a rising star. Well, what's what's what's that about?
What's that about? Let's uh let's jump to my Instagram, then. So, this is the
Tilly Norwood Instagram page. Look. Hey, I'm I'm Tilly Norwood. I'm I'm doing a
thing. sat outside pretending pretending I'm in a French film and not just
avoiding my to-do list. You don't have a to-do list. You're not real. What's your ultimate coffee shop comfort
orders? Zero comments. By the way, this street
always reminds me of that one breakup walk where I tried to actually No, THIS
IS ALL BOLLOCKS. It doesn't remind you of anything
because you have never experienced it because you're a madeup piece of code.
It's It's insanity. Oh, just grabbing a grabbing a
Frappuccino. I wonder why you can't comment on these things. Weather's giving wear a blazer or
perish. But my toxic trait is thinking ice coffee is a year- round personality.
You have no personality. You're fake. No, I think I think I think some of
these likes are made up by people that don't realize that this is AI. They just
saw this face. Thought, oh, there's a pretty girl. There's a pretty girl. Oh,
she looks pretty. Look, she's got a Frappuccino. I wish I could come on her
face. I'll give her a like. What does this one say? Here we go. This is the
fake bedroom. This bedroom is a museum of bad decisions. Three outfit changes,
one iced coffee, now emotional support. Zero essay pro. Utterly, utterly
bizarre. Dubai Oscar nominated actress Emily Blunt has joined a growing chorus
of Hollywood voices outraged by Tilly Norwood, an AI actor developed in the
Netherlands and now reportedly in talks with talent agencies. Well, Till's
obviously not in talks with them because she doesn't exist with her glossy
Instagram feed, which we just had a little look at.
an NI AI generated comedy sketches which we'll see in a minute. We'll see. We'll
see the video. Norwood could easily be mistaken for a
rising star. Not really. No, not not really. No. Marketed as having quote
girl next door vibes. She has even been digitally inserted
into spoofs of BBC shows. her creator, Dutch comedian
Eli Van Develdon, that is the most [ __ ] Dutch name I've ever heard in my
life. Van Deerlddon, has called the project, quote, a
creative work and likened it to drawing or writing a fictional character. But
Hollywood isn't buying it. SAG, the powerful actors union, blasted Norwood
as nothing more than a computerenerated character trained on the work of
countless professional performers, stressing that it has no life
experience, no emotion, and no human artistry, which
is going to be a very rare occasion where I agree with SAG. The union also
warned studios that using the AI figure could violate protections secured in the
2023 strikes where AI was a key flash point.
Stars have been equally blunt. Natasha Leon urged a boycott of any agency
representing Norwood, calling the project quote deeply misguided.
Whoopy Goldberg said audiences would always tell the difference between
humans and synthetic creations. And Blunt, speaking to Variety, called the
AI actor quote terrifying, adding, quote, "Good Lord, we're screwed. Please
stop taking away our human connection." Van Deerlddon, meanwhile, insists
Norwood is not meant to replace actors. Well, if you're trying to get them
signed to an agency for work, then you are looking to replace an actor. Duh.
But to be appreciated as a piece of art. Oh, shut up.
Still, with Hollywood still on edge over AI's role in film and TV, Tilly Norwood
has become the industry's latest cautionary tale.
Meanwhile, Scottish actor Briany Monroe has alleged that her likeness was used
without consent in the creation of Tilly. Monroe, who is filming the
fantasy feature The Slave and the General, told the Scotsman that she
suspected her face was used by AI talent studio Zoya
in developing Norwood, an actor now attracting the attention of major
agencies. quote, "It feels like living in a real life episode of Black Mirror,"
adding that an industry colleague had alerted her to a professional image of
Norwood that bore a striking resemblance to her.
Monroe, backed by her union equity, said that she is concerned her image,
performance, and rights have been breached, but that a lack of
transparency has left her in the dark. She claimed one picture promoting
Norwood looked uncannily like her and even suggested her mannerisms have been
copied in a scene from Norwood's showre. It's not just myself at effect, she
said. They'll have used many different actresses faces without consent. So many
people's work has been likely being exploited in this way. So this is uh an
image of Bry Monroe. Let's jump now to the image of
Tilly Norwood. Okay, you ready? If you were if you were told that this
is the same person, I I I if you showed me those two
pictures and said it's the same person, I I would say uh maybe. Yeah, possibly.
I I I I could believe, you know, if you just showed me those two pictures and
said this is the same person, I I could I could believe that. I'm going to put
the headphones on now. So, let's have a look at this. Uh come comedy sketch. Now
please you tell me if there's any comedy in this
number one and then number two just let me know what you think. So here we go.
Let's let's get this full scrunt. So I'll pause it. The video you're about to
view is 100% AI generated.
No human or bears were harmed in the making of this production. So everything
that you see, everything that you see is 100% AI
generated. Characters, backgrounds, locations, everything.
>> We all knew TV was dead, but thought, why not squeeze in one last development
meeting? >> We had one rule. No missing children, no
dead women, and no reboots of Heartbeat. >> We pitched this beautiful comedy, two
sisters running a funeral parlor in Margate. Warm. Okay, I just I just want
to stop it there. Right, if you showed me this video without telling me
anything, you just said as I want you to watch this video, okay? Uh and then just
stop it if you want to say anything. I would have already have stopped it and
said this is this is AI generated. The voices are the big giveaway.
The voices are not they're not human voices
partic I mean particularly on this guy but these are not you can you can tell
the AI generated voice >> we pitched this beautiful comedy two
sisters running a funeral parlor in >> there there is there is something just
about the AI voice which they haven't been able to
get a re like a a true realistic voice with realistic inflections. It always
seems to have this very specific kind of flat line that gets sort of raised by
pitch and then maybe comes down but always stays at the same level. Never
mind the the sinking being off as well. >> Argate warm weird very BBC2
>> commissioner said no AI generated 100 better ideas in minutes perfectly
aligned to channel data viewing figures and optimized for the audience. The
winning AI format. >> I know what you streamed last summer.
An interactive thriller built from your streaming history and delivery orders.
>> What? >> Uh, also, yeah, where are the jokes?
Adam >> what? And who could forget the mental
health format? >> Britain's Got Breakdown. Audience votes
on who gets therapy. >> Ian Catz loved that one. I remember
saying, "You do realize this is for BBC 2. It tested ridiculously well,
particularly among men who shop at Screw Fix and women obsessed with gut health.
Oh, this is all of this is 100% AI. By the way, have we even got to Tilly
Norwood? No, we we're 1 minute into the two-minute video. No Tilly Norwood
detected, by the way. >> Made for less than the catering budget
on the bear. It cast and budgeted itself. Only bit it struggled with was
>> Sorry. Here I am. Here I am. [laughter] Now I Now I'm on. Now I'm on.
>> Consent in romantic scenes. We just ignored that.
>> It wrote the whole script. Claude 3, Gemini, GPT. We called it a writer's
room. It even did its own silver mouse paperwork and immediately got Albert
certified. >> What's silver mouse?
>> Just an elaborate BBC hazing ritual. Who did it cast?
>> Tilly Norwood. 100% a >> So, here we go. Uh 1 minute and 25
seconds into the into this uh alleged comedy
sketch. Um, now I'm British, so I understand a lot
of the references in this, by the way. I I wouldn't say any of them are funny,
[laughter] but I understand the references in this, but it's not it's
not it's not doing anything. So, here we go.
Here's Tilly. Tilly makes her appearance, its appearance at the 1
minute 25 mark. AI generated by some company called Particle 6. She'll do
anything I say. I'm already in love. Girl next door vibes.
>> Like if a Sunday roast went to drama school and got BAFTA optimized.
>> But can she cry on Graeme Norton? >> Of course she can. And it'll be clipped,
subtitled, and monetized on Tik Tok. >> Now then, I want to I want to stop it
here. This is now the truth of this video.
This isn't a comedy skit. This isn't a set of of of little hahas.
Oh, no. No. They're telling you what this AI can do. This a this AI can emote
on command. It can cry on command. Uh we can create content which can be clipped,
converted into Tik Tok videos which can be monetized. This is an advert to the
agencies about what this actor, this AI actor could do, potentially do and how
they could potentially be utilized and monetized
>> by lunchtime. We're all going to hell. Got recommissioned, didn't it? Three
seasons and a podcast by an AI commissioner much faster.
>> But hey, at least it wasn't a reboot. [music] No, it wasn't even [ __ ] human. So,
there's the there's the comedy skit, folks. Let's have a look at how it went
down with the YouTube audience. So, this is its YouTube channel,
Particle 6 TV. Uh 1,50 uh 1,500 up votes, 5,900 down votes. A couple of the comments
here. The irony when YouTube asks you to log in to confirm that you're not a bot.
Please tell me that this is just a leaked black mirror plot. Hearing them
talk is so confusing. Like they're saying words but not actually saying
anything at all. I love the guy in the first shot vaguely looking towards the
camera with his eyes pointing in different directions. really makes you
feel like you're watching a real human speak
and it just get that is lit the comment section. I don't think there's a single
positive comment in the uh comment section.
I mean fair credit they actually kept the comment section on but I'll tell you
this right and this is what Hollywood really needs to pay attention to. So, an
AI character can be the most straight down the middle,
non-controversial character that they can be. An AI
character won't tank your film on the red carpet by saying something [ __ ]
If it's not programmed to say something not [ __ ] they can be the safest
bet. Whereas today you got a lot of [ __ ] actors opening their [ __ ]
dick lickers and all kinds of [ __ ] is spewing out and they are turning away
audiences. Rachel Zglers, Pedro Pascals
and others, Jennifer Lawrence, somebody that's coming to the
realization that she's a stupid cow. So all of your dumb adult pretenders, cuz
the majority of them are [ __ ] dumb, they can they can all be replaced by
these non-offensive fake AI generated
actors which don't even exist.
So how would you solve a problem like Maria?
Well, you get rid of Maria and you create AI
instead. And they do need to take note of that. You don't get Tom Cruz being
divisive on the red carpet anymore. You don't get at all. He just wants to talk
about the movie. When they try and bait him into questions, he said, "I I come
here to answer questions about the movie,
but so many of them just get baited in time and again. We want you to say
something anti-Trump, anti- MAGA, anti anti- whatever it may be that will be
divisive just by answering the question one way or another. And the AI won't do
that. Can be programmed not to do that. So if if if there's a cautionary tale to
be had, Hollywood, this is it. Your your potential replacement is looking you
directly into the uncanny valley eye right now. And who's going to blink? Are you going
to stop [ __ ] running your daff [ __ ] dick licker? Actors, shut the
[ __ ] up and just do what you're meant to do.
Promote your film. Be welcoming. Make your audience feel special.
try and get some bums on seats or are you gonna be like your Pedro Pascals and
and your [ __ ] Mark Ruffalo's and are you gonna be so divisive
that you will alienate audiences now? It's up to you. And again
[clears throat] this in itself
is is a product of the current Hollywood system
that the thought even exists now that we can create something to replace
your problematic actors and try and generate a brand around them that will
make them even more popular. Now, I'm not saying that this Tilly Norwood is
that. I don't think it is by any stretch of the imagination. But the fact that
Tilly Norwood exists is the first catapults, is the first volleys of war
into that area. All it takes is one of these characters
to nail it, to hit it, and all all hell could break loose. Can they replace can
they replace that real human emotion? Of course they can't because they're not
human. They don't have that humanity and they're algorithmically designed. So
they're they're pulling upon performances from goodness knows how
many actors. But I 100% agree with what um Emily Blunt said
in regards to uh pulling away taking away the human connection.
This is what technology is doing. This is what social media is doing.
It's it's turning what should be social connections into parasocial connections.
And as much as I love you guys watching my content, watching my video, watching
my streams, I love that. I can't thank you enough for that. I will I will
always always advise that you make sure that you maintain your real life, your
life outside of the computer, outside of social media, your true friends, your
real friends. as as it's been commonly reduced down to
the touching of the grass element. You got to have that balance. You've got
to have that balance. Oi. So, Tilly Norwood coming
to a cinema near you. Probably not.
But an experiment which I guarantee you will be continued. Whether or not it's by this company or
another company, there's most likely multiple companies at work right now
trying to create that first AI megastar. [music] [music]