Thunderbolts has saved the MCU. Wonderful performances from the entire cast. Special highlights go to Florence Pew, Lewis Pullman, and David Harbor. I can't wait to watch this as many times as I can. Beautiful look at the power of unity in the face of mental health. # Thunderbolts # Thunderbolts aster has taken me by complete surprise, showcasing flawed heroes working through their darkest moments. It's refreshing to see this franchise treat mental illness properly. Not for jokes. Each misfit gets their own moment to shine. But Pew absolutely steals the show. Thunderbolts. Finally, a Marvel movie that treats mental health and depression as a serious matter and not like undercutting art for the sake of a quip. A legit good character ensemble piece with a compelling Florence Pew and Louis Pullman performance in the center. Yay. I liked it. # Thunderbolts is pretty damn good. Great pacing, a tight script, and effective messaging. The movie really tries to say something about mental health, loneliness, and depression. I really connected with it. Florence Pew is an absolute star. Also, a banger of an ending. Review tomorrow. 24 hours later and I'm still processing # Thunderbolts. It hit me on such a deep emotional level. Something I never expected from an MCU film. Mental health is one of the most important conversations today. And the way this movie gives it a platform is genuinely astounding. What's wild is it does all this while it brings back that MCU sauce we've been missing. It's fully reinvested back into the MCU. And I'm not going to lie, feels good to be excited again. Lawrence Pew should honestly be in every MCU movie, please. Oh my god. Pray. Crying emoji. Flames. Is it your time of the month? I don't get my period dip. I don't have a uterus. More ovaries. Nerdroic.com. Greetings you over 1 million Heliens and the 40% who haven't subscribed yet. Let's talk about the best Marvel thing since the last Marvel thing. A film the Disney marketing department wants you to believe is a deep, intellectual, engaging, and thoughtful take on mental health in a superhero movie. Bet you can't wait to take the kids to see that. Coincidentally, Marvel's been taxing the audience's mental health with most of the slop they put out since Endgame, which unfortunately you have to watch a lot of to know what the hell's going on in Thunderbolt, a movie that only requires just a little bit of homework. And don't worry, it's not much. You just have to go back and watch 2018's The Wasp and Ant-Man, 2021's Black Widow, the full six episodes of the Falcon and the Winter Soldier, the full nine episodes of Hawkeye, and Captain African American. Now, you also have to watch the real Captain America trilogy, but I would suggest you do that and just stop right there. That being said, if you do have to see it, it is definitely the best of the worst. Doesn't make it good. It's just not as bad. Somewhere buried inside this content is a good idea, but unfortunately, it comes down to the performance and execution. Am I right, ladies? Cuz I don't want to bury the lead here. This is not a deep, intellectual, engaging, and thoughtful look at mental health. It's a superficial one, which admittedly is probably the best Marvel can do. You know, you swing for the fences and you whiff. But I will say that's probably a good thing because the last place on earth you want to take mental health advice from is Hollywood. That being said, Thunderbolts could have worked if they just made a superficial action movie. But the first question you might be asking yourself, oh, check that. This will be the next question after what the hell were they thinking with this movie? Is who the hell are the Thunderbolts? They're a team from the Marvel comic books. Remember Marvel comics? They used to be so much fun. Not so much anymore. Created in the late '9s and led by Citizen V, better known as Baron Zemo. But not to worry because none of these characters are in the movie. But to be fair, Disney Marvel was thinking of you, dear viewer, because they didn't want you to waste your time reading all those pesky good comic books. So you'd have more time to watch their D+. Now, why wasn't Daniel Brule Zemo in this? I mean, he's out there. His character is still roughly intact despite being in the Falcon and Winter Soldier. Turns out there's a good reason. When asked about Baron Zemo's absence, Thunderbolts director, Jake Shrier, gave a very detailed and eloquent answer for this creative decision. He wasn't in the script. And that answer was about as intellectual as this film. These Thunderbolts are mostly rejects from projects that should have been rejected. There's Yolena, the White Widow, and the Red Guardian, introduced in The Black Widow. There's John Walker, who did nothing wrong, who was introduced in the single most hateful piece of content ever created by Disney, the Falcon and the Winter Soldier. The Thunderbolts also features a pair of genders swapped, misunderstood/victimized villains like Ghost, who you know Ghost, the gender swap, misunderstood villain from the Wasp and Ant-Man. ringing any bells? No. Okay, fair enough. But I know you won't forget this one. [Music] [Laughter] [Laughter] That's right. The good old task mistress or task manager. Not sure what name is better. You decide in the comments section below. For those of you keeping score at home, that's right. Three characters making up half the Thunderbolts are from Black Widow, a film that was technically about a character who was dead in universe. And again, one that performed so poorly because Disney Marvel decided to release it day and date. It led to Scarlett Johansson suing them and never returning. Did I also happen to mention it's horrible? So why not make the Thunderbolts a piece of content that's trying to be so many things? One more, a sequel to a bad movie. And the team is rounded out by a character we all still like, Bucky, played by Sebastian Stan, who clearly took a paycheck and did the bare minimum, and I don't blame him a bit. Now, you may have heard that the Thunderbolts asterisk, and we'll get to that, is just Marvel's Suicide Squad. And I'm here to say that description is unfair. Where the first Suicide Squad was a ragtag group of super villains led by one good guy who went on a suicide mission to take on essentially a god. What? We some kind of suicide squad. #release the air cut. Whereas the Thunderbolts are a ragtag group of misunderstood super villains, anti-heroes, and one good guy who decide to go on a suicide mission to take on essentially a god. But wait, there's more. The Suicide Squad is led by a woman who works within a shadowy organization in the government who's black. And the Thunderbolts are led by a woman who works within a shadowy organization of the government who's white. In the Suicide Squad, David Harbor doesn't have a beard. In the Thunderbolts, he does. You see, it's totally different. What? We some kind of Thunderbolts. I think it's far more accurate to say that the Thunderbolts is Marvel suicide note. And that woman within the shadowway organization that leads the Thunderbolts is Valentina Algra De Fontaine, played by Julio Louise Drifus, just like Selena Meyer from VEP, who was easily the worst thing in the content. And let's please keep in mind that I gave you a better background on all of these characters than they did in the Thunderbolt. The Avengers are not coming. Who will keep people safe? I'm a little depressed. We can be the ones that are coming. Bucky, you have the wrong people. We have all done bad things. I'm depressed. No one here is a hero. We all have things that we regret. But I have so many. Obviously, I'm prone to depression. This team can be the heroes on the witties box. [Music] Shut up. Depressed. A film that opens up with a line from Elena describing her current mental state, which also unintentionally describes the current mental state of Marvel. There's something wrong with me, an emptiness. I thought it started when my sister died, but now it feels like something bigger, just a [Music] void. And then it gets into some pretty typical current Marvel stuff. A 5 foot nothing Florence Pew kicking the crap out of guys twice her size. Pretty standard really. We also get the female superhero leg takedown. And a little later on, Yolena is able to take on John Walker despite not having superpowers. But to be fair, the intersectional feminism which was prevalent throughout phase 4 and five is dialed down to the bare minimum here. Speaking of bare minimum, despite what you heard from the early access media first reactors, that's about how much they put into the whole mental health thing. Again, Yolena starts out Thunderbolts feeling sad, lonely, and unfulfilled. Then she goes to visit her dad, the Red Guardian, who eventually admits that he's sad, lonely, and unfulfilled. And she tells him that she's sad, lonely, and unfulfilled. And the reason being is she lost her sister. She drinks too much. She has no friends, and she doesn't have job satisfaction. So Yolena decides to take what will be her last mission from Selena Meyer, who it turns out is being impeached. Considering this movie was made in the aftermath of all those IRL impeachment trials and during all the law affair, I'm still just going to chalk it up to a coincidence. How does Deontaine know Yolena? Well, that's from an end credit scene from a movie that came out almost four years ago, Black Widow. Well, it turns out Selena Meyer needs to cover her ass due to this impeachment, and she sends Yolena, the task manager, Ghost, and John Walker to a secret underground base to kill each other. Which leads to my favorite moment in the Thunderbolts. We were told there was going to be a shocking death early on in the Thunderbolts. And what it turned out to be is a hilarious one and not really shocking at all considering they had the 5-hour live stream where they announced the cast of Avengers Doomsday including all the Thunderbolts except for the task manager. We also want to consider all the trailers and clips which quite frankly were all the best bits of this film that she was missing from. And considering how important the task manager was to the Black Widow film and how much they couldn't give a [ __ ] about her in this one, to the point where Yolena just says she had a hard life and she died and that was after they robbed her corpse, this might be Disney Marvel acknowledging how stupid this character was. If the rest of the movie was stuff like this, sign me up. Too bad it wasn't. I'd say the most frustrating thing about the Thunderbolts is again there's some good ideas in here and some legit good scenes that could have elevated this movie, but they end up getting brought down because Disney Marvel can't get out of its own way. This includes the introduction of Lewis Pullman's Bob or Robert Reynolds the Century who is the best thing in this movie and a good character from the comics that is admittedly another twist on the bad Superman trope that is really tired these days. instead of just being a psychotic Superman and Century is psychotic. The difference here is he is so powerful that he's his own archeneemy in a separate personality known as the void. A character that would have been better used in a real Avengers movie instead of this fake one. And believe me, we'll get to that. And while they made some changes from the comics, the core of the character is still there. And again, the performance is the best in this film. Through some exposition and conveniently left out paperwork, we find out that Bob is the only living test subject of the century project from Selena Meyer's ox group. So, Selena Meyer was doing her own version of gain of function on the superhero serum to create her own superhero. But again, Bob was just a test subject who was never meant to survive. But they did make him a meth head. So, hey, as a grateful recovering addict, I can now see my old self in a Marvel film. Feels great. So, after wasting a good portion of the film trying to escape this vault where they eventually find out that Bob is the century and he's damn near omnipotent, our Thunderbolts asterict were saved by the Red Guardian. Now, how in the hell did he manage that? Well, he is conveniently Selena Meyer's limo driver and he conveniently overheard her spill her entire plan because why in the hell would the head of a shadowy government organization take precautions for security? And again, we're well over halfway through the film and not much has happened. So, in the interest of your time and mine, we'll just get through this. Where was I? So, the Red Guardian saves Ghost John Walker and Yolena. And then Bucky saves the Red Guardian, Ghost, John Walker, and Yolena, and then takes him prisoner. After getting a phone call, finding out how dangerous Bob is, our team of sad and lonely anti-heroes and misunderstood super villains team up to stop Selena Meyer and save Bob. Thunderbolts is basically two major action set pieces with two minor ones intermingled with a lot of feelings and hallways culminating in defeating the villain with a group hug. I wish I was kidding. And that's two Marvel films in a row where the villain ends up getting talked down by the hero. And both of those scenes make this one look like Shakespeare. Hey big guy. Sun's getting real low. As far as the good is concerned, and yes, there is some good. Well, we'll start with Lewis Pullman. He's a good century and completely wasted in this film. While you don't see a lot of his abuse, you see enough through his performance to actually have empathy for the character because he is a likable hot mess acting. And it's too bad they didn't have more time to focus on the century actually being the century in his costume and fighting off the thunderbolts with ease because it was pretty good. And as the void, I really liked his take on it. He was the personification of despair and benevolence. Basically, the god of black pills, a villain that could have been great, but again, it was held back by Disney Marvel. We'll get into that in the bad. I genuinely love Buckyy's rescue scene, which you saw in the trailer. It's something I've been looking for in Disney Marvel for a long time. A superhero doing superhero [ __ ] And I have to point out the obvious. I am now covering the second Marvel movie in a row that he should have been the star of. And despite John Walker getting crapped on this entire film, mostly by the women, he's still one of the best things in it thanks to Wyatt Russell. And no, John Walker did nothing wrong. And there's David Harour's Red Guardian, who was much better in this than he was in Black Widow. And he has the best dramatic scene between father and daughter where they go a little bit below the surface when it comes to the mental health issue. He's a hero. Lena, when I look at you, I don't see your mistakes. Okay, that was really good. And my second favorite scene, of course, after the task manager getting shot in the head was the thunderbolts coming together to save people. There's a great moment where they all come together to keep a big chunk of concrete from falling on a diverse woman. So, sue me. I liked it, but I couldn't help but think, what if there was someone on the other side? [Music] This brings us to the bad, including but not limited to Julia Louise Drifus. Again, doing an unfunny and annoying version of Selena Meyer from VEP. But I think a better description would be doing an impression of your garden variety average female executive from Hollywood. And yes, this is a movie that requires a lot of homework because it has a lot of sealless characters that most of you have never heard of. This is a problem that even Kevin Feige has acknowledged from today's Wall Street Journal. The head of Marvel Studios told colleagues recently that watching all the comic book giants new TV shows and films had started to feel more like homework than entertainment. Gee, I wonder who's been saying that for years. And his big solution is the Thunderbolts again from the Wall Street Journal. The first major test of his reset arrived this week with Thunderbolts about a team of sidekicks, hasbins, and other seaisters who have to save the world in the Avengers absence. Then there's taking on the issue of mental health in a Marvel movie. At best, it's a child's view of mental health. I'm sorry, that's disrespectful to children. It's a Hollywood view of mental health. It only goes in the most basic beginnings of two characters trauma. Yolena, who let a girl out to be shot as a test for the Red Room, and Bob, who was abused by his father and a drug addict. Man, this would have been something really interesting to explore with Bucky in the Falcon in the Winter Soldier and in this movie, but they give Bucky a line to tell you, "Oh, I'm fine. Don't worry about it." And the rest, I really have no idea. They do set up John Walker, but they don't pay it off at all. But essentially, the women were all victims of circumstance, including DeFontaine. And the men outside of Bob are either morons or dicks. And they do the typical Marvel thing when there is the occasional dramatic scene. They have to follow it up with a joke or an action scene and not let it breathe at all. And there's no consequences. There is a great scene where the Red Guardian saves a little girl and then the void wipes her from existence. But then we find out within a few minutes that everybody's pretty much going to come back, okay? He doesn't actually kill people. He just puts them in a little trauma room. But I can safely say you might enjoy this movie a little bit more if you don't do any of that homework and you don't watch the postredit scenes because the final one actually makes the film worse. The asterisk at the end of Thunderbolts is because they become the new Avengers who are all now working for the woman who tried to kill them, Selena Meyer, which means we're going to get more Julia Louise Drifus. For some reason, Yolena is the leader of the new Avengers. They see the Fantastic 4 ship and apparently Sam Wilson formed his own Avengers offscreen. And now Sam Wilson is pissed off at Bucky and wants to sue them. I guess he finally got that loan. And I thought that final postredit scene felt a little tacked on. And it turns out it was. It was shot on a different set by a different director four weeks ago. And what the hell's going on with the timeline of this movie? In Captain African-American, which came out two months ago, Bucky was just a congressional candidate. Now he's halfway through his term. And as far as Florence Pew is concerned, well, she wasn't an insufferable girl boss, but she wasn't necessarily good. She's a good actress who wasn't given a lot to work with. The critics have completely overpraised her, and ultimately she was just meh. Like the Thunderbolts, a movie that tried to be so many things, yet it was nothing. I guess the nicest thing I could say about it is it's a passable streaming movie. The bar is pretty low. I'm saying firmly on the ground right now, but Disney Marvel with the Thunderbolts managed to trip over it by making the most five out of 10 movie of the year, a superhero film about people who are sad, but not as sad as Marvel. I haven't seen mental health exploited this bad since Better Help. Now, there's going to be a lot of talk about superhero fatigue, but there is definitely Marvel fatigue in the sense that Marvel is tired. But don't get too down, kids, because next up is Iron Hart, and there is another Marvel movie in the theaters this weekend. Avengers Kang Dynasty. Let me know if it's good. If you like what you heard, please like, share, and subscribe. If you didn't like what you heard, I thank you for listening this long. I will see you in the next video.