Boy oh boy, do I have a story for you all today. You know, with all the black pilling going on and all the, you know, just constant barrage of stressful things, I think sometimes you get away from what got you here. And what got me here was dunking on crazy people and looking at absolute insanity and pointing and laughing at it because we all need a break every once in a while, you know. Leave a like on the video if you could use a break every once in a while. And I've got two videos here that are so appalling even like as a fat they offend me deeply and they made me make me want to get onto the treadmill. Like as a as the left would say, man of size. All right, it is absolutely insane. And we're going to get into that after a super quick word from this video sponsor, Private Internet Access. Shout out to this video sponsor, Private Internet Access. Look, if you aren't using a VPN yet, you're completely missing out. And Private Internet Access is the one I use on all of my devices. If you've been following the news, you see that censorship, websites, apps are getting shut down in certain countries, all sorts of craziness. Well, a VPN helps you never have to worry about that. Private Internet Access also protects you from the prying eyes of hackers, internet service providers, and others that can view your personal data. Perhaps also just as importantly, private internet access allows you to access region restricted content from all over the world. Streaming services like Netflix, Amazon Prime, and more have different library options based on where you're located, and some shows simply cannot be accessed if you're not in the target location. Happens to me all the time. Many sports events also have regional blackouts. Well, VPNs can be a convenient way to make sure you're getting the content that you're paying for. Private Internet Access also allows you to protect an unlimited amount of devices all at the same time. So, your entire household with a single subscription. And I've been working with Private Internet Access so long that I have an absolutely massive discount available to my viewers. Link in the description below. Get Private Internet Access today using my link. Save huge. Protect your computers. Access all the content that you've been paying for. All right, let's start here. This is real content. from a real person. Uh I I don't I I I have to assume that there's some sort of fetish attached to this. Some sort of weird like this is somebody's real face. All right. This is one minute of pure unadulterated make me want to go on a diet. Makes me want to work out even more. So, you already know that I'm a fat girl who >> Okay. Yes. Again, as a fat, I can say it. All right. She's wearing a sticker that says NADC burger. I don't know what that is. >> Loves to eat. So, let's eat at Not a Damn Chance Burger. >> She likes to eat. She likes to eat. >> What happens when you get a Michelin star chef and a professional skateboarder in the room together? You get >> Why does she do that with her eyes? Is that the ago? A a Japanese thing. Is that what she's trying to do? Like what what what is interesting like is it she gets some sort of pleasure from this when she eats. It's just not healthy. I'm not I'm not making fun of her as a person. I'm just saying it's not healthy. It It's not like And the fact that we're like if you go on like YouTube and stuff like that, it it it won't let you promote videos that are like about being super thin. Places like Tik Tok and stuff like that also won't let you promote like thin spiration videos, but these videos are still promoted and it's dangerous. >> An amazing burger joint. I started out strong with some sodas. Lemon lime was my first choice and then it was the cane cola. And all I'm gonna say is the cane cola is top tier. >> Two sodas before before lunch. Okay. Okay. >> Then it was time for the main event. And of course for our fries, we got the beast mode fries. It's beef is fries. Eat. Maybe she should be a metal singer. Maybe tallow fries topped with the special sauce, cheese, jalapeno relic. >> What is with the What? How do you even do that with your eyes? How do you make your eyes go different directions and pickles and pickles? >> They really were dectable. The burgers look good. I could tell you this much. I I could tell you this much. It looks better than the Arch Deluxe Burger. It looks better than the Arch Deluxe Burger. >> It was time for the not a damn chance burger and it has everything a good cheeseburger needs. Two beef Wagu patties. >> Beef Wagu. First of all, th this is one of my biggest complaints about the food industry right now. There's a lot of people who talk about, oh, it's woo, it's woo. No, it's not. They use the term woo cuz it's a mix. If it's not like Japanese A5 Wu, they are overcharging you. Like I've had A5 Wu before, you can't really eat a lot of it. It's so rich. Like when I go to my favorite steakhouse, I'll eat like three slices of it and that's it. When they when they when these steak places or whatever, they say it's a woo burger. It's usually American Wu or like Australian Wu, but it's not. It's just an excuse to charge you more for for a product that isn't actually Wu. >> Did I say Wu enough time? Woo. >> Onions. cheese and bread. I absolutely loved this burger. And if you have room, >> I got to get the cookie >> room. They have homemade chocolate chip cookies for dessert. So, all I have to say is definitely try Not a Damn Chance Burger in Westwood. She was paid for this. She was paid for this. Flooded again. God, I'm ready. I I mean like this is like this guy. But like again just another woman shows off her coffee of the day. The coffee alone exceeds the amount of calories that should be consumed in an entire day. This lady used to make her quote water of the day and it was just straight packets of flavoring powder and sweet syrup. At a certain point, this is no longer coffee and you can't claim to be a coffee lover while drinking terrible instant coffee and covering up the taste with sugar. Look. If you're actually a coffee lover, here's what I want you to do. Go to that browser after the video and type CBC Amazon.com. Charlie Brand Charlie bravoamazon.com. You won't I mean, all this stuff ships free overnight. All of our K Cups, whole bean and ground. You're not going to need to do Oh, look. There's only one left in stock of Apple strudel. I'm need to get more there. Our five pounders are on the way. Everything's been in stock there. cbc Amazon.com. Let's take a look at the coffee of the day. >> Okay, I'm going to I there's music so I can't play that, but we're just going to watch the video. So, I don't know how many gallons this cup is, but it's many gallons. And she starts with putting car It's like caramel a lot of caramel sauce. Oh, and putting the caramel sauce on the side. This is like all the when I used to work in the office, all the girls there would get coffees like this and they would be like, "Oh my god, I keep gaining weight. I can't figure it out. Slurp." And they would not just have like a small coffee like this. They would have like the giganto super mega bucket size coffee like oh my god I just keep I just keep getting overweight. I can't get my calories under control. All right. So that's a that is Oh my god. So that is what could only be described as almost an entire bottle of caramel sauce. Okay. She's making coffee. Now, if she whips out a bag of coffee brand coffee, my tone may turn. But let's see here. What else goes into her coffee? A glass of water. And dude, instant coffee. Oh my god. She put $7 in caramel sauce and she's using instant coffee. Why? Why? And it's great value classic roast instant coffee. It is the It is like, look, if you drink instant coffee, I'm not shaming you, but literally this is the worst coffee you can buy on the planet. Maybe if she drank better coffee, you know, that might be, you know, a little better. Let's see. All right. Okay. Oh, she got one of those things. What do they call them? Emulsifiers. Those are kind of nice. Now, again, if she started with good coffee, she wouldn't need to put And what you're really getting with this caramel caramel or caramel is it's just all sugar. It's just It's just a bunch of sugar. That's all she's putting in there. All right. This is a three minute video. We got to skip ahead here. She puts Okay, so it's not even a full cup of coffee. What else is going in here? Oh my god. International Delight Flavor Creamer. So, more sugar. What the? As a coffee man, again, CBC Amazon.com, she put more creamer in there than coffee. This is not a coffee. This is diabetes in a glass. It's not even. And then she's putting more in. Oh, I like how she's like, "Well, I have to measure this out." And then half and half, too. Oh my god. Why? So she does this so she gets a froth. What is happening? What else is going in this coffee? Okay. So, she puts that as as a froth on top. This can't be done. The coffee can't be done. What else goes in? Oh, and more co more car. She used the whole bottle of this caramel. Why? She didn't even taste it. She doesn't know how sweet it is. Send RFK to her house immediately. Be drizzle. Oh, it's sugarfree. Okay. Sugar-free caramel. I'm not even sure what that is because caramel is literally sugar caramelized. She's got to get chocolate in this. There's no way there's no chocolate chips going in here. There's no way there's not chocolate. Oh, it's like a concrete. Why? No. No. This woman needs to go to coffee cbcamazon.com and get real coffee. should even put Bailey's in it or Jack Daniels. No, stop promoting this content, Tik Tok. It's not healthy and it's triggering to me.