We all know the various platforms out there have different reactions to different types of content. Well, we do know in particular, for example, there are platforms that support freedom of speech. There are platforms that have uneven moderation. There are platforms that generally support far-left lunatics and uh you know and and and and women uh selling their uh pictures. But uh Twitch has one of the internet's most prominent far-left uh Terry sympathizers, Hassan [ __ ] absolutely melting down, threatening to quit kick because he's big mad that he can't say insane things. Let's get into that super quick word before the uh this video sponsor, Rumble Wallet. You may have seen the conversations happening online lately. Censorship is back and happening everywhere. Platforms are controlling the narratives, pushing stuff they want you to see. We need to fight back against that. Rumble is the only company that stood the test of time and deserves our support. On one side, Rumble is challenging big tech censorship. On the other, they have introduced something that will give us protection against big banks shutting us off. Banks can cancel us. They can cancel our accounts, freeze our cards. That's why they launched Rumble Wallet. A wallet that no one can cancel and a wallet that supporters can use to tip creators like myself without any middlemen taking cuts. With Rumble Wallet, you control your money. Not a bank, not a government, not a tech company, not even Rumble can touch it. It's yours and yours alone. You can buy and save digital assets like Bitcoin, Tether Gold, and now USAT. Tether's US regulated stable coin in one place. Tether Gold is real gold on the blockchain with ownership of physical gold bars. USAT keeps your money steady against inflation with no banks needed. It's not only a wall to buy and save, but it also allows you to support your favorite creators by easily tipping them with a click of a button. Support my show and other creators with the Rumble app. You can also be downloaded today. You can open an account and step away from the big banks for good. wallet.rumble.com rumble.com or search Rumble Wallet on the app stores. Now, let's get to uh Hassan [ __ ] having a big melty. So, a veteran called out Hassan and he goes absolutely bonkers saying a bunch of stuff that we know he would never ever say to this guy's face. I guarantee it. >> 15 years out from Iraq. Eat my balls. Do you even have your balls remaining or did a IED explode them for you, dumbass? Shut the >> Oh, here we go. Here we go with another This is Hassan's big uh America deserved uh September 11th moment. Again, this guy's unhinged. There are legitimate criticisms to have, you know, about certain foreign countries. Um, but people like Hassan and the people on the other side of that, way way far the other side of that have made it completely impossible. Uh, this guy gets so triggered. >> Up talking about Islam. You are an infinitely bigger terrorist than any random Muslim ever could be. >> Oh, really? You don't know. What if he was uh in a What if what he was in Iraq serving food in the messaul? Would you would you I mean this guy would never talk like that to any US veteran. Like there he would never ever ever talk like that. There's there's just it is you know it is so wild to me that this guy feels so comfortable being such an idiot. >> Dumb ass. >> Shut your [ __ ] ass up. >> Oh, >> go enjoy youring PTSD, [ __ ] You imagine >> Go enjoy your PTSD. Now, a much smaller creator, an egg-shaped one, famously went viral for wishing PTSD on American soldiers. Um, and she now streams for about seven people in complete obscurity, having mental breakdowns every night, every show, begging for money. Now, I think she should have been smart and started a delicious coffee company that people could get at CBC Amazon.com. But, uh, her moment in the sun came and went. Now Hassan [ __ ] seems like he's ready to completely melt down and burn it all down too, which I'm happy to watch. >> Having the audacity to be like, "Yeah, I went to Iraq. I went to Iraq and it's actually Islam that's the biggest danger. You're the danger, idiot." Well, what was the religion of the last four people, these last four attacks that happened in the last week? Could there have been a a connecting fact for them? A a connector? Was there something that made them all kind of similar? Is it possible? Um maybe you're a danger to your family and a danger to yourself, douchebag. >> Lord, that's getting clipped. Lam, I don't give a dude. Shut the up. If you go to Iraq and you learn that lesson, you realize that that was wrong, you're welcome here. You come >> Oh, we have the Turkish guy, uh, the Turkish nepo baby telling us American soldiers whether they're welcome or not. I don't know if he means in this country or his chat, but you look at his chat, get his get them, get them, get them, you know, all this kind of stuff. Um, you know, I like when Hassan says, "Shut your your BA up." Like, this guy thinks he's so tough with his gym muscles and his Hollywood uh Hills mansion. I would love for him to say that to American soldier that served in Iraq. I would love for him to say it face to face. He won't though. Come back from Iraq and you [ __ ] talk about how this was actually awesome and I hate Islam. Then [ __ ] you. You didn't learn anything. You're cattle. You're sending other people like you to be in a similar predicament to yourself. Whatever. I'll starting live streaming on YouTube tomorrow. Suck my >> So, he's he's really worried now about getting banned by Twitch for saying enjoy your PTSD, which is something that uh somebody had been previously banned on Twitch for. That was uh what was her stupid name? She looks like an egg. I don't know. Froen fruit. Froggen. Frozen yogurt. Fro yo. Was that it? You're getting clipped. By who? The people that have been literally begging for American sons and daughters to go and die in Iran for the last two weeks. By people who keep going, "Yeah, based. No, we got to give more money to Israel." Those people, those people who are going to turn around and then now act as though they give a about veterans. The same people like Asmin Gold who celebrated when that >> everything in this guy's life everything in this guy's life boils back down to Asen Gold. like this is a guy that I believe is still living in the same house that he grew up in. Um just kind of plays World of Warcraft online and has takes here or there about um you know uh politics. It really chaps. It really chaps Assan Piker's rear that Asminold, a a regular guy with takes on both sides of the aisle, has basically dethroned him completely from the political commentary community. This Hassan [ __ ] used to be one of the top, you know, one or two or three political streamers. Now, Asmin Gold is like number one and it's not even close. And uh you can see he has ADS as gold derangement syndrome because he's absolutely melting down >> uh with his with his uniform. Had his arm broken. Really? >> Well, he didn't get his arm broken because he was protesting. Again, the left all they do is lie. He ended up getting forcefully removed in from an event where he was asked multiple times to remove to leave and and to leave. Now, I have no issue with, you know, soldiers protesting war at all. Uh but I do think it's funny that all soldiers are bad unless unless you agree with Hassan Piker's political worldview. that guy was forcefully removed because he was asked to leave multiple times and refused to do so. There's a big difference between the truth of that and what Hassan [ __ ] is saying and that in in that he was just removed for being there for just disagreeing with the war which is not true. That's what we're doing. If Twitch can apply this double standard when one veteran is getting their arm uh broken, >> okay, >> by an American congressperson for opposing America waging Israel's wars wrong. That's not what happened. That he didn't come in there and say, "I oppose this war." And then someone broke his arm. That's what Hassan Per wants you to think. But that is not what happened. Like anybody can queue up the tape and see the Hassan [ __ ] is lying here. But he lies as easily as he breathes. When Twitch doesn't ban Asminol for laughing at that and saying, "Yeah, based and that he deserved it." When Twitch literally doesn't say a single damn thing about that, but then turns around and tries to ban me for this. This platform, I will Whoa. F this platform. Twitch is the platform that ensured his fame, that made him who he was by constantly promoting him on the homepage. They sent him a happy birthday video. Like, how soon he forgets that he never would have made it on YouTube? He never would have made it on any other platform. He was astroturfed on Twitch by other radical leftists that work there. He was allowed to stay when others were banned because the radical leftist at Twitch support his position and support his views. How quickly he forgets. Never come back here. Y'all are a bunch of dumb too for being like, "Oh, you're going to get clipped." >> Well, he did get clipped and this video is proof of that. I mean, look, I think he should be allowed to say that he wants American soldiers to get PTSD, but that's I don't make the rules. His platform does. And um you know, they generally support him. So, I I highly doubt he's getting banned unless there's any kind of media outrage, which there won't be because this is very normal thing to say from the leftwing media. dumb mother. He will make a fraction of what he does, by the way, if he leaves that platform because he relies on all these kids using their parents' Amazon Prime subscriptions to to pay him their $5 a month. This dude is on a legendary crash out because the religion he pushes, the religion he believes in, the religion he thinks is so great, just keeps blowing themselves up and and and proving everybody right. And by the way, dude, I wonder if he has an asminold body pillow. Yikes. Hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, make sure you leave a like on it. If you haven't yet, please subscribe or follow down below. And we'll talk to you again real soon.