What's up geeks and gamers? It's Jeremy coming to you with another video and today we're talking about Starfleet Academy. My goodness, things just get worse and worse and worse for this disastrous show. And you see this headline right here. This is on Twitter updated two hours ago and it's basically saying that there is these rumors of a cancellation for Starfleet Academy that had to be debunked. That's how horrific this show has become. And this is just a compilation of what people are saying online. People are saying it needs to be cancelled. Grock is taking a summary of all of these posts and kind of putting that headline out there. And this is the first thing that I saw when I searched Star Trek Starfleet Academy on Twitter. It was this headline right here. And there's literally no one with any common sense that's out there defending this show. Um, it is pretty hilarious. And then you see we've even got Zero Hedge making uh an article on it. New woke Star Trek Starfleet Academy series is an embarrassing critical failure. Um, everyone is going after this. Collider has this article right here. Following backlash, the new Star Trek series falls out of the streaming charts. It is completely falling out over here on geese.com. Yellow Flash reveals Star Trek Starfleet Academy flops on Paramount Plus beaten by Taylor Sheridan's Land Man. And Taylor Sheridan's Land Man is a fantastic show. If you have not watched it, you should be watching it. But the overall point here is Starfleet Academy is a disaster. Now, I tried to watch the first episode. It's still on YouTube. It is a tough thing to get through, man. So, here is the first episode on YouTube. Look at the like to dislike ratio. This is on a free episode that they put on YouTube. And I have to say, man, nothing could prepare me for just how horrific it was. It's honestly it's so bad that I think I am going to finish it so I can continue to talk about it even more. That's how awful it is. It's really impressive. When I heard the guys talking about it on Friday Night Tonight, I'm thinking to myself, you guys are making this sound so awful that I actually kind of want to see it because it sounded like it couldn't be real. And so getting through this first episode and I'm just like, I can't believe it. But apparently it gets even worse. Apparently it gets even worse, which makes me very excited. Gary just dropped a video. I know the culture war is dying, but Gary's got almost 500,000 views in about 7 hours talking about Starfleet Academy. Uh he and Drinker have been at the forefront of this. And so I I think I am going to continue to watch it if I can get through it. But you see stuff like this. Um hard to think of a bigger downgrade in sci-fi. Star Trek versus Starfleet Academy. There you have it right there. Biggest downgrade ever. Um, and I've never been the biggest Star Trek guy. Again, I love the Next Generation. Seen some of the, you know, movies here and there, but I've never claimed to be a Star Trek person. But Starfleet Academy is on another level of bad. It is really impressive, and I give them a lot of credit for that. Um, even like I, you know, if you got IGN here that they're doing everything they can to run interference for all of the bad backlash out there. Um, you got this one right here. Uh, this is Star Trek now. I legitimately didn't know I could hate modern Star Trek anymore, but Curtsman has outdone himself. If you didn't know any better and were told that Starfleet Academy was a parody, you wouldn't know it wasn't. Um, just like this image right here says it all. This says it all right here. Unbelievable. So, it's sitting at a 43% audience score on Rotten Tomatoes, which I personally think that uh I think Ryan said this and I agree with him, but it's probably should be lower. The simple fact that no one's watching it. No one's even watching it. I mean, again, you go over there, this is a horrific ratio. This is like, you can't even find enough people to balance out the haters. That's how irrelevant this is. And Modern Star Trek's been like this for a long time. Um, I mean, like, here's Gary's uh video right here. Gary's video is sitting at 445,000 views. It's got 39,000 up votes to 144 down votes. Are you kidding me? That right there speaks volumes. That puts it into complete and total perspective. Um, I've already watched some of this video. Uh, he kind of talks about the beginning with the the Spock character and how that embarrassed Starfleet Academy. drinker embarrassed them and he wasn't even trying to at that point in time. Uh, this has been absolutely hilarious to watch. The reaction to Starfleet Academy will ultimately be infinitely better than Starfleet Academy. Um, and this is the fun part of of what we do with the reactions, with the roasting of it, with the making fun of it. more people right now are looking forward to Gary's next video than they are looking forward to the next episode of Starfleet Academy. If that doesn't put it in perspective for you right there, I don't know what will, but that should put it in perspective. 39,000 up votes, less than 200 down votes. And of course, Starfleet Academy has 30,000 down votes. Uh really, really impressive. And we did bring Land Man up and you know we talk a lot of bad shows but Land Man certainly is something you should check out if you have not. There's two seasons right now that are out. Um and I've talked about it a little bit but I like season 2 a lot. Um some people thought that season two was a step back but I actually thought season two was I thought it was just as good as season one. I thought there were really good character moments in season two. So anyway, recommended if you have not gone to check that out. But have you watched the Starfleet Academy? Are you interested in this at all? Or are you more interested in watching the videos roasting it and watching Drinker and Gary destroy this piece of garbage? Let me know your thoughts in the comments below. Have a great day and we will talk to you