Princess. >> Siri. >> Siri. >> Where, is, the, girl? >> Where's, Siri? >> I'm, gay. >> He's, looking, for, Siri., I, need, to, find Siri. Where is Serrilla? Have you seen Serilla? >> Siri?, Siri? >> Where, are, you?, Siri. >> Siri?, Siri,, are, you, here? We're looking for Siri. >> Where's, Siri? [Music] >> Siri, disappeared. >> Siri? >> Anything, to, get, Siri, back,, right? >> Actually,, I'm, a, lesbian. >> Geralt,, have, you, had, any, more, wild dreams about Siri? Has he told you about Siri Regis? >> What, if, I, can't, save, her? >> Well,, there's, still, no, sign, of, Siri. >> We, know, Siri, is, connected., I'm, a lesbian. >> Siri. >> Siri. >> Siri, is, what, we, all, need., Everyone, wants Siri. I do want to save Siri. >> Lesbian. >> Find, Siri., Find, Siri. >> Want, Siri? >> Siri, will, be, safe. >> I, need, to, protect, Siri. >> Find, Siri. >> Wait,, where's, Siri? >> Siri, is, still, at, risk. >> Nerdotic.com. >> Greetings,, you, over, 1, million, lovers, of all things good and dislikers of all things bad, and the 40% who haven't subscribed yet. It goes without saying but I'll say it anyway, that Netflix's The Witcher will go down in the anals of pop culture history as just another epic fantasy adaptation completely destroyed by ego, hubris, modernity, the message and a clear disdain for the source material. And that was before season 4 premiered. But now that it is upon us the only thing keeping this in the zeitgeist of pop culture is people continuing to marvel that this show is still being made. And what a journey it has been to get here. When The Witcher premiered way back in 2019, it was wellreceived by the audience and there were more than a few outlets and fans saying that The Witcher could be the heir apparent to Game of Thrones. Unfortunately, it was all downhill from there. Henry Caval prior to season 2 in the kindest way possible tried to warn us that showrunner Lauren Schmidt Hisrich was going to stray from the source material. The showrunner has a particular vision for the show and and for the characters in the show. The books uh certainly the first few is very much from a Geralt perspective with the shift of the showrunners's vision where it's an ensemble cast more so than a singular lead and the perspective is is shifted to be almost more of a Serrilla Yennefer perspective. It's about finding my character's place within within that vision and making sure that I do everything I can to be as faithful to the source material as possible that I can be within the structure set out for me. And wouldn't you know it, The Witcher season 2 strayed from the source material, turning the Witcher into the Yennefer. And unsurprisingly, the ratings and the audience scores went down. And then everybody started calling out everybody, including former X-Men 97 and Witcher writer Bo Deo calling out Hisrich and her team for openly mocking the source material in the writer room. Hisrich calling out Henry Cavl, Andre Subcowski, the creator and writer of The Witcher, calling out Lauren Hisrich. Maybe I gave them some ideas, but they never listened. They never listened. >> Where, his, returner, team, took, time, off from bastardizing the lore of the book so they could pervert the lore of the game. And this can't be undersold turning the leader of the Wild Hunt, the very formidable Eridan into a sad gay man. After that, season 3 came out and there was another dramatic loss in viewership. And it's at this point the show was essentially dead. But Hollywood being no stranger to reanimating the corpse of a franchise only to defile it carried on and announced poor Liam Hemsworth would be the replacement for Henry Caval and I hope he got a lot of money. Then things went quiet for a good long while until just over a month before the release of season 4. Netflix decided to drop a clip and a trailer. Both were ratioed into oblivion. But it doesn't end there because every single promotional post on every social media platform was essentially ratioed into oblivion. And then they made the worst mistake possible, actually releasing the show. And let's just say the response hasn't been spectacular. If you go over to Rotten Tomatoes, it's got a 60% from the corporate critics, largely padded by sites you've never heard of. But if you go over to the top critics, it's at 33%. And Metacritic has it at about a 60. Then there's the audience scores, which is currently sitting at 20% on Rotten Tomatoes, 1.8 on Metacritic, and IMDb is averaging about a 4 out of 10. And yes The Witcher is getting its worst reviews ever outside of Blood Origin. Liam Hemsworth is so cautiously not awful all while being not good either, as Geralt of Rivia that he's basically invisible in The Witcher season 4. Someone forgot to CG The Witcher into his scenes in post. Liam Hemsworth isn't the problem with The Witcher's fourth season. The Netflix fantasy epic continues its downward spiral with a bloated and mostly boring new chapter. The Witcher season 4 review. Liam Hemsworth is as charismatic as a ballard in a wig. The Witcher season 4 review. Look how Netflix massacred my boy. The first season of the fantasy series without Henry Caval is dragged down by the Hemsworth in the room. Now, I have to agree with some of the corporate critics that Liam Hemsworth is not the primary problem with The Witcher season 4. No, the responsibility of that lays at the feet of one woman. The affforementioned Lauren Schmidt Histridge, who has finally gotten everything she wanted, complete control of an epic fantasy series on Netflix without the shackles of Henry Caval. And how did it turn out? Well, about as bad as you would expect. It's time to talk about The Witch Her season 4. And they waste no time getting to the cringe because they start with a double recap, including an over 2minute previously on where they do not show Henry Caval's face. And The Witcher doesn't utter a line of dialogue. To be fair, it kind of fits because he's barely in his own show. And then they follow that up with just over 8 minutes of re-shot scenes from previous seasons with Liam Hemsworth, including the beach off with Vilgards. And it plays out like a parody. Think Austin Powers with Tom Cruz, except not played for laughs yet just as funny. And I'm guessing most viewers needed this because most people dipped out at season 2. And I'm also guessing that after this 8 minutes, most people dipped out. And just in case you didn't think that was the show displaying how self-aware they were they go full meta and transition to an old man who was the guy who played the Blackfish from Game of Thrones telling a story about the Witcher. But then a young girl comes in and tells him he's doing it wrong and tells the story better and then convinces herself with this picture of a girl with no face that she is a central part of the story. >> You, know,, Siri, is, important, to, me., The whole saga is seeing this. I think that's me. And >> this, is, a, great, example, of, how, Lauren Hisrich cherrypicks things from the books and then completely turns them into fanfic feminist gobbledygook. In the books, Neimu is inspired by the stories she listens to in the show. She takes over telling the story and tells it better than the man. And it doesn't get more meta than that, except for the telling it better part. Am I right Lauren? Anywh who, what is a complete departure from previous seasons, the plot goes something like this. The evil mage Vilggoforts is looking for Siri. Yennefer is looking for Siri. Geralt of Rivia is looking for Siri. Nilgardian Emperor Amir, after finding out he has a fake Siri, is looking for Siri. And a new character, Leo Bonhart, is looking for Siri. And now that I think about it Siri is looking for Siri with her pals the rats, who are without question the most insufferable and annoying characters ever put to screen in a fantasy adaptation in the history of time. Oh, and we will get to them. Season 4 is based, let's just say it, on not the best books in Andre Sapowsky's series, Baptism of Fire and Tower of Swallows. Baptism of Fire is particularly bad, but somehow Lauren Hisrich has made it worse. While the book mainly focuses on the titular character, the Witcher, the show focuses on Yennefer, Siri, and Geralt. So, let's start with the least significant of the three, Geralt of Rivia, who is on a journey to find, you guessed it, Siri who he believes is a Nilgard, and time is running out. So, of course, he finds time to get distracted once or twice per episode, including saving a woman from therapists. >> I'll, check, the, rapists, for, 200. That's therapists. And isn't it amazing that this world based on Polish and European folklore that is so diverse isn't when it comes to the therapists. Anyway, on this long arduous journey where, spoilers, they don't get anywhere near finding Siri Geralt and Yaser get caught by Roenian intelligence. Also, they could have one more scene between Yaser and his boyfriend King Rativid, who was a character in the books that Lauren Hisrich aged up from 13 so Yaser can be gay. And then they broke up. And the rest of the rag tag group Geralt is traveling with are some dwarves. And hey, got to give credit where credit is due. Props to Netflix for hiring dwarves to play dwarves. Kahir, who's on his redemption arc after kidnapping Siri, he finally realizes she is the girl who's the key to everything. Geralt originally wants to kill him and lets him go and then doesn't like him, but then eventually likes him. Milva, who was supposed to look like this in the source material, and yes, the resemblance is uncanny. And then there's Lawrence Fishburn as Regis the Vampire. And again, the likeness to the character in the game is uncanny. And while Lawrence Fishburn is good in everything he does let's just say his character of Regis leans into the age-old trope of the I'm not going to say it. >> The, American, Society, of, Magical, Negroes. >> If, you, do, your, job, well,, you, will, run out of monsters to kill, will you not? >> Your, entire, being, is, dedicated, to finding someone who you fear you fail. Whatever you dream, pay attention not to the fear, the joy, it will lead you. You spent a lifetime battling monsters and men. Fear has become a familiar guidepost to you. I sense in you a deeper desire for balance. >> We, saving, the, damn, world. And again, while this entire journey is in the books, in this show, it only serves as a side quest that goes nowhere. And instead of doing what a talented writer would do, you know weaving your character's background in and out of the story as it progresses through some show and some tell, they stop abruptly in episode 5 of season 4 to give us a character info dump by campfire. And everybody gets to tell their story, including Yaser's turning into a musical and Regis's ending up being an anime, which arguably is the best part of the show. But it doesn't make it any less jarring. But when we're following Geralt, when it's not being cringe, it's excruciatingly boring. And when we're not getting info dumps, we're getting people sharing their feelings in Forest. Geralt and his crew spend an entire episode thinking about crossing a river. Then they spend another episode crossing the river. But the worst bit is Geralt sits out an entire episode of his own series. He only fights three creatures and you guessed it, two of them are tragically misunderstood women. In the end, he does fight a troll to hold a bridge, but it's all so he could be kned by admittedly a girl boss from the books that was perfectly adapted as a girl boss in the show so he could become Geralt of Rivia. And if it wasn't clear before, it most definitely is now. Lauren Hisrich's least favorite character in her Witcher series is the Witcher. Everyone's going to say poor Liam Hemsworth, and he doesn't seem like a bad guy, but let's keep in mind that he put himself in this impossible situation that he was never going to live up to. That being said, he wasn't awful. He was blandly competent. Having no knowledge of the books, he plays it as safe as possible, which actually makes things worse because he has zero presence and zero charisma. He is the Teimu Witcher and it comes off as a parody and I'm going to date myself here, but it looks like he stepped out of a I can't believe it's not butter commercial. Since most of you aren't going to watch this show, I guess the best or worst example of the downgrade from Henry to Liam would be his constantly trying to recapture the meme from season 1. My unsolicited advice for Liam, don't listen to the internet. Get that bag give no [ __ ] and continue with your Hmbo girl. This brings us to the trope that has been completely played out particularly in fantasy and sci-fi. The girl who is the key to everything. Some recent examples, just off the top of my head, Bard season 1 had the girl is the key to everything. Willow had the girl who is the key to everything. The acolyte had the girls who were the key to everything. And hell, the Rings of Power even made Galadriel the girl who was the key to everything. But there is a key to the girl who was the key to everything. Making her likable something this show fails to do. A good example of the girl who was the key to everything would be Leelu from The Fifth Element. She's engaging, likable vulnerable empathetic tough determined, everything Siri isn't. She is essentially just a mcguffin who always finds herself in a state of being lost. While in the books, it definitely feels like there's more going on in the show. It just feels like everybody's dropped everything and we're just looking for Siri for four seasons in a row. But what makes Siri's story in this season orders of magnitude worse is the company she keeps, the rats. In the books, they're supposed to be rascally flamboyant yet dangerous murderous bandits. In the show, they come off as annoying Twitch streamers, or in other words, Twitch streamers cast by the Netflix HR department. And just like Twitch streamers, they're always stealing other people's stuff and essaying each other. And it's just a joke about the stealing other people's stuff part. I don't care that they react to content. And yes, these are the rats and the epitome of the Netflix adaptation. There is the fat cowardly white guy named Ass E. The skinny white guy named Kaye who is a therapist. The diverse lesbian tweaker named Reef. Discount Tario. Dumb white elf Gisteller who thinks he's in charge and is supposed to be in the books. But the real boss is the black lesbian Missile who was supposed to look like this from the source material. Again, the resemblance is uncanny. Now, Siri's time with the rats is supposed to be her descent into darkness and her spiritual low point. Instead, we get lesbian Siri and to head off and put to bed, for lack of a better term, any it's in the books arguments because this is another perfect example of, again, for lack of a better term, Lauren Hisrich cherrypicking something from a time of content and removing all complexity for the sake of modernity. therapist Kaye tries to assault Siri and is stopped by Missile, who goes on to assault Siri who does eventually end up in a relationship with Missile. But it's a lot more like Stockholm syndrome than anything else. In the show, they make the assault consensual. And we all know the reason why, because there is no way in hell modern Hollywood would depict a diverse member of the alphabet community assaulting anyone. And there's no way in hell anyone from modern Hollywood would depict their relationship as anything other than loving. And that's inherently the problem with casting based on identity. It removes all complexity and makes everything homogeneously diverse. The best part is somebody at Netflix thought it was a good idea to base an entire show on the rats. But later on someone else at Netflix probably thought better of it and they decided to edit it down into a movie and dropped it along with The Witcher season 4 without telling anybody. And after watching it I understand why. But there is some good news. There is a happy ending to this story that we'll get to later. Because we still haven't gotten to the main protagonist of the Witcher series, the Yennefer. And her part in this is indicative of everything wrong with this show and modern fantasy. Lauren Hisrich basically took a couple of scenes from the books, completely changed them, then amplified it into the most prominent story in season 4. Why? Because there wasn't quite enough female representation. Are you tired of the term girl boss? Well, #me too. But Hollywood isn't because this season we get to see General Yennefer of Wengerberg travel the continent to gather her feminist Avengers, including Fringilla Francesca Philippa Margarita, Tris Maragold, and of course their fearless leader, Yennefer of Wengerberg. And yes, I completely agree with you, dear audience member. The resemblances to the characters in the source material are uncanny. Oh, and we can't forget the lesbian dwarf, Zemer. And for all the it's in the books people, well, never mind the fact that in Baptism of Fire, Yennefer never formally joins the lodge of sorcerers here. She starts it, names it, and then despite them being a bunch of sorcerers has them trained in hand-to-hand combat with one of my favorite aspects of it constant affirmation. >> We, can, do, anything., We're, charmed. >> Strike, me, down, for, saying, so,, but, not the worst. We might actually pull this off because you're a leader and you're a damn fine leader. >> And, yes,, Vesameir, is, back., And, just, like Geralt of Rivia, he's played by a completely different actor. And he is there to train the noviceses and the mages in their hand-to-hand combat. And quite frankly, he does a pretty good job because they pick it up in half a montage scene. And all of this is in preparation for an imminent attack from Vilgorts, who is after Siri because everyone else is. and once again battle Yennefer and her team of feminist Avengers get the best and most prominent action scene in a series called The Witcher. And this is the episode that Geralt sits out of his own show, all to make way for warrior Yennefer and lesbian Siri. And the worst part about it is they kill off Vesameir, who's supposed to live all the way to the Wild Hunt. And to add insult to injury because of course Yennefer wins the battle against Vilgorts, she portals over to Geralt, tells him, and Liam Hemsworth can't even manage to look distraught, they just kind of breeze past it and get into PG-13 sexy time. Put simply, this show is ass. They waste so much time on Yennefer and her feminist Avengers and lesbian Siri and blow past important stuff that might make the world feel a little fuller like Graham McTavish's Dstra, who's great but barely in it. And the same could be said for James Puroy. Yes, he's actually in this series. And Nilgardian Emperor Amir is just an afterthought in this and a complete idiot. But that's not the biggest waste of all because there is surprisingly enough a really good character in The Witcher season 4. Chartto CPPley's Leo Barnhard. He's the second best in this entire series next to Henry Cavl's Geralt. He's a human bounty hunter who kills Witchers and he's played to perfection. Imagine just an entire series of Henry Caval's Geralt fighting monsters and Leo Bonhard. I'm in. And he gives us without question the most satisfying scene of the entire series when he hunts down and kills all of the rats brutally. Now, in truth they sought him out and he made him pay for it. And I was cheering. I was applauding. The only problem is I wasn't supposed to be happy when Siri's black lesbian girlfriend and her fellow Twitch streamers were brutally murdered, but I was. And their heads getting cut off and pickled was just chef's kiss. And that wild hunt they were teasing all through season 3. Not a sign of it here, which is just as well cuz Vesameir's dead. Most Witcher fans figured this show didn't have a chance in hell without Henry Caval. And after watching it, they were proven completely right. But there were a lot of unintentional laughs on the way. The Witcher season 4 could be best summed up like this. Boring Liam as Geralt on an anameane journey with Lawrence Fishburn narrating his every inner thought. Lesbian Siri, The Gathering of Girl Bosses, verbal diarrhea exposition by Campfire. More lesbian Siri. Gay Yaser. Feelings in Forest. More lesbian Siri. The annoying as [ __ ] Rats. More lesbian Siri. All centered around General Yennefer and her feminist Avengers. And if you think about it, nothing was really accomplished this season. and they only have one more to go. But let's hope that Geralt's in every episode of his own show for its final season where they're going to have to cram in the events of a couple of books at a game. A season that's already shot and in the can. And the total budget for this show from season 1 to season 5 is almost a quarter of a billion dollars. But you got to give it up for the woman of the hour getting one over on Netflix, getting a lot of money, and destroying yet another fantasy show in the process. And that would be headwriter and showrunner Lauren Schmidt Hisrich who was handpicked by Netflix partially due to her work with the streamer in the past and partially maybe mostly due to the postme era virtue signal hiring. That's right, casting a female showrunner of an intellectual property that has a predominantly male audience. Sure. Unlike other castings like this, Lauren Hisrich has some writing experience in shows like The West Wing, Private Practice Parenthood Power Daredevil The Defenders, and The Umbrella Academy. But just because you have some past writing credits with mostly dramas and some superhero fair doesn't necessarily mean you have the chops to adapt epic fantasy. Just ask Jennifer Hutchinson who used to write for Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul and now writes for The Rings of Power. And it's corporate decisions like this based on ideology and modernity that have given us this current era of modern fantasy which should have been a golden age but instead it's homogeneously diverse. The best example of this these four images as posted from our good friend John A. Douglas are from four different fantasy shows including The Witcher. Can you tell the difference? Of course not. But they all have something in common. Failing miserably. The Witcher was supposed to be seven seasons, but it was abruptly cut down to five after Henry Caval left. And Lauren Hisrich is lucky she got that. But she does say, "Are there more stories?" Maybe. Well actually, there's a lot because you skipped them. But this one has to end at this point. So, I think it's a nice time for all of us to step back a little bit. And that probably has a lot to do with the audience stepping back a long time ago. And The Witcher showrunner also addressed the backlash to the show. No one's taking the books away. No one's taking the video games away. Everyone can have their version of The Witcher. Unfortunately for you, Lauren, it turns out no one wanted your version. [Music] >> If, you, like, what, you, heard,, please, like, share, and subscribe. If you didn't like what you heard, I thank you for listening this long. I will see you in the next video. [Music]