So, we're going to talk about Star Wars.
We're going to talk about Dave Fona, who is now in charge of Lucasfilm, or half
in charge, I guess, of Lucasfilm. He's out there doing, I believe, damage
control for Mandalorian and Grou. I don't think it's looking too good for
this movie. I don't think it's going to be like an abject failure. I don't think
it's going to be like the worst thing ever, but I don't think it's going to
hit like Star Wars level of box office, right? I think we we could potentially
be looking at another solo. Um, that's not good. I It's not good for the brand.
Star Wars used to be an event, right? And this guy has inherited
um a very used franchise, but people keep forgetting he's partly responsible
for that himself. So, it's like, are things really going to change? I don't I
don't think they're really going to change that much. I think this is just
damage control. So, we'll talk about that. We'll talk about how the box
office is looking this summer. And, uh, there, you know, quite a few movies that
are coming out that actually look pretty decent, but um, you know, box office
wise, like there there going to be some misfires, right? So, let's talk about
this. Before we get into it any further, please subscribe for more pop culture
news, views, and rants, guys. Um, yeah. So,
let's let's talk about the numbers first. This is actually coming from
Reddit, uh, the box office subreddit, and this Reddit has has been pretty
accurate before. The subreddit's been accurate before, but these are the
predictions according to top 1% commenter mysterious brush. So, there
you go. Um, these are the ones that that they seem to think are going to be a
flop this summer. They think the bride isn't going to do fantastic. They're
saying 40 million domestic. Uh, we'll see. Uh, I guess this weekend is not
looking too good just all the way around. Geeky is going to be in later.
She's going to have a review of Hoppers. She went to go see that, but I don't
think the box office for that's doing super well either. Um, they said Animal
Farm is going to be a disaster. They said the movie completely subverts the
message of the original, which will turn a lot of people away from it. Turning a
violent political satire into a kids film isn't a winning strategy. No, I
can't. Well, they they tried doing a an Anne Frank animated musical or something
one time. It was like it was the weirdest damn thing. I'm like, who
thought this was a good idea? Uh $2 million domestic. Wow. The Mandalorian
and Grou. Despite only having a $180 million budget, I think it won't end up
much higher than a Flash movie since The Mandalorian season 3 was a dud. The
trailer had very bad metrics and a lukewarm response. And to be honest, the
trailer may seem like something they can wait for streaming since it's very
similar in quality to the TV series. Yeah. It's like we've got Mandalorian at
home. You know, that that's what feels like. They're saying 175 million
domestic, 160 million international, and 330 million worldwide. And for Star
Wars, that's really bad. Right now, the only thing that could save this one is
that it is a cheaper movie. And it looks like it is a cheaper movie. I'm going to
be honest. It looks cheap. Now, this this was kind of interesting, and we'll
go back to The Mandalorian Grou, but Masters of the Universe, uh, the
predictions for this one are not great, but they just moved up Scary Movie 6 to
compete head-to-head with Masters of the Universe. I don't think that's going to
go well for them uh, at all. And then the following week, that new Steven
Spielberg Alien movie, uh, Disclosure Day, I think, comes out. And, uh, yeah,
it's it's not gonna go well for Masters of the Universe. I think it's it's going
to be a dud. Plus, you know, Jared Leto, that's the kiss of death. And they they
mentioned that. They said, "Long dormant IP that most general audiences are
unaware of. Jared Leto has proven to be box office poison time and time again,
but at least it was directed by Travis Knight, so it will likely be
wellreceived. Prediction 110 million domestic, 130 million international, 240
worldwide. I actually would agree with that. I think the movie might be pretty
decent. I think it's going to go down though like the Dungeons Dungeons and
Dragons movie like Honor Among Thieves where it actually was a decent movie
that was done in by piss poor trailers and uh you know we had the people you
know working on the movie shooting their mouths off and it it definitely did
damage it. I didn't watch the movie until about six or eight months after it
was out of theater. I watched it on digital because I was sick as a dog that
day and I'm like you know I'm bedridden. I'm going to watch something. Uh sure. I
haven't seen D and D yet. I'll watch it. How bad can it be? And it was actually
pretty good. So, the expectation was on the floor, though. Supergirl, they said,
is going to be another uh dud that's only going to clear like 300 million.
Could be. I don't know. But let's talk about um let's talk about Dave Fona.
God, everything is so everything looks like vomit green, like diarrhea green.
Like the trailer did not excite me at all. It just looks really blah. Um The
Mandalorian and Grou launches a new era of Star Wars, but not how you think.
Lucasfilm president Dave Fona calls the new movie a completely different era of
Star Wars, but that requires some context. A completely different era
that's going to use all my OC's from the animated series and tie into all the
Disney Plus shows that you probably haven't watched. Uh Star Wars franchise
is built around eras from the Old Republic to the High Republic. The fall
of the Jedi to the reign of the Empire. The series has consistently been defined
by its timeline. So when one of the presidents of Lucasfilm one of says the
new movie uh Mando and Grou is set in a completely different era of Star Wars
now you have to break that down. What? Okay. This comes from the new
issue of Empire where Dave Fona is talking about the upcoming film which he
co-wrote with director John Fabro. First, the quote seems odd because
obviously The Mandalorian and Grou is set in a very, very rigid era of Star
Wars storywise. Like the show it's based on, as well as The Book of Boba Fett,
Ahsoka, and Skeleton Crew. It's set in the New Republic era, as defined by
Lucasfilm itself. It's the era between the gamechanging events of Return of the
Jedi and The Force Awakens, the Disney acquisition. Maybe the film
goes beyond those constraints. So, what does Fona mean? Well, here's the full
quote. Episode 7 was a completely different entity. I had dreams of
episode 7 since I came out or since I came out of Return of the Jedi. You're
like, "After six comes seven. Where's seven? We're in a completely different
era of Star Wars now." Okay, that makes more sense. He's talking culturally. The
seven-year gap between Star Wars movies is the third longest in history, a
distinction we explored in greater detail. But this time, it's not coming
out of nowhere. When the fan mass and the Force Awakens came out, there hadn't
been any live action Star Wars to fill the gaps. However, between the rise of
Skywalker and the Mandalorian Grou, there's been the most Star Wars ever.
Yeah. So, that's, you know, um I think it's definitely deluded the
brand. I mean, I I talked about the other day with uh the late 80s, early
90s, how weird it was to not have any Star Wars because I I was the same way
like after Return of the Jedi. And even though as a kid, I was like, "Okay,
these movies come out every three years. So, the next Star Wars is going to come
out in 1986." And it didn't. It was called Willow.
I went to go see it. But I kept waiting because I mean back then we didn't have
the internet, right? And uh we had you know magaz we buy magazines to try to
keep up with the movies and the TV shows and stuff. And again I'm I'm a kid when
you know little kid actually when Star Wars and actually was a baby when Star
Wars came out but but as a little kid uh going see these movies and I'm like
where is where is it is the next one? Like when's it coming out? It's been
three years. Maybe next year. Maybe next year we'll get Star Wars. And then you
know next year went by and I'm like you know by the time we hit like 1989 I'm
like yeah I think Star Wars is over. like the toys are all gone off the
shelves and it's like I don't think we're getting any more Star Wars. Oh
well, you at that point I'd already kind of forgotten about it. But um then we
went to Disneyland and we went to Star Tours and it was sad because there was
hardly any merchandise. I mean we had some some model kits I remember and uh
there were some weird like uh and I actually picked those up. I had the
droids and Ewok. They were like little figurines like the PVC figurines and
stuff like but there's like nothing t-shirts but it wasn't like you had a
whole big like now where it's like so much damn Star Wars. So when uh the
expanded universe came out when the zomb books dropped and when the prequels
dropped there was an appetite for Star Wars because people were hungry for Star
Wars. We're not hungry for Star Wars anymore. Nobody wants any more [ __ ]
Star Wars. Like we're over it, right? We got sick off a bad Star Wars. We threw
up all over the place. You were like, "You know what? I'm never eating Star
Wars again." This happened to me one time. I got sick. I had uh uh black bean
salsa from Walmart. I distinctly remember it because I will never eat it
again. And I got so sick it was coming out of my nose. I think it was coming
out of my ears. We got bad Star Wars. And this this this [ __ ] here looks like
it's coming out of your ass, but that color it's all green. People are are
burned out on Star Wars. I don't know how this one's going to go.
I don't think it's going to go well and I think it's because of all the bad Star
Wars that has come leading up to this. Um that that's my personal opinion,
but yeah, he said yeah, he's talking culturally there's a gap. This time it's
not coming out of nowhere. When the Phantom Menace and the Force Awakens
came out, there had been any live action Star Wars. Uh certainly a completely
different era of Star Wars. What will be most interesting though is to see the
fact that we've been so Star Wars spoiled. Is that worth calling it? Star
Wars spoiled. In the meantime, uh they'll make this film hit differently
or flop differently. Can it surprise and delight us in the ways that made Star
Wars so popular in the first place? This is so like is it going to surprise us
that there going to be lots of Goku? What did he actually say? Is that all he
said? Um he said yeah. So he said let's see
with season 3 it felt like the ending of a particular chapter.
Then why you have all these cameos from these car other characters? Like people,
this is another one of these movies people are gonna have to do homework.
This is damage control. This is damage control. Um yeah. So
there's an opportunity for them to continue his best work as a bounty
hunter. Season three of Mando was [ __ ] This would be like
Well, they are doing I was going to say they are doing a Game of Thrones movie,
right? But it's a prequel. But like if you're going to do this movie, you you
do this movie when people are feeling good about the series. Like the X-Files
movie. And that's what this feels. It feels like the X-Files movie,
but like the shitty second XFiles movie or whatever that came out. Not the one,
not the Fight the Future one, the one that came out when the series was in its
prime and answered a whole bunch of questions kind of, but the other the
other shitty one they did after the fact that nobody cared about. That's what
this feels like. Or like the made for TV movie. um you know, Hulk mo Hulk or
something. You know, it's like the show's over, but we're going to do a
made for TV follow-up, you know, 5 years after the fact. That's what this feels
like. It doesn't feel like a proper Star Wars movie. Um
so this Yeah, let's see here. Fona said this. He said, "What can you do now?"
Says Fona, noting that spectacle only goes so far. It's question of is the
audience going to believe it? Are they going to feel it? That comes through in
the characters. The characters are connecting. Then the adventure plays,
the action plays, attention plays, the next adventure begins. Mando and Grou
are back. Star Wars airs a new era. Fire up the razor crest. Oh, holy puff piece.
Holy [ __ ] And then um people were making fun of uh Rod of the Hut cuz they
said he looks like the fat guy from the meme. It's like leave the corporations
alone cuz he's like this bump. It's not going to do well. I I I agree. Go back
to the beginning. I I agree. I think I think 300 to 400 million worldwide is
pushing it, but we'll see. Um, he promises promises us an all new all
different Star Wars, guys. You haven't seen any of this before, except you've
seen all of it before. Going to wrap it up. Please subscribe. We'll talk later.