Daisy Ridley says she knew about the cancelled Kylo Ren movie just when it was coming out. This was apparently like years and years ago. She knew about it. She says, "I knew a piece of it. I heard rumblings." Star Wars Daisy Ridley reacts to Adam Drivers The Hunt for Ben Solo movie, which by the way, I wanted to see. I think it was Badger or Dash or someone that sent me a screenshot of someone on Twitter and they said that, you know, Disney messed up when even Star Wars Theory wants to see it. I'm going to preface this video real quick by being like, I don't know why these people think that I'm some sort of a Star Wars hater. I like Star Wars when it's good. I don't like Star Wars when it's bad. And I'm really candid with my opinions. I'm not a shill. I'm not a hater. I'm just a Star Wars fan. And if I dislike something, I really go in and I dislike it because Star Wars means a lot to me. I shall do what I must O to Obi-Wan. >> So, I don't know where this like rhetoric has started years ago that I hate all Disney Star Wars. I hate bad Star Wars. Okay, that's all. If Disney makes great Star Wars, like they have made some projects like The Mandalorian, Tales of the Jedi, I've spoken very highly of those. So, I don't appreciate that rhetoric. I think we should get that squared away and hopefully put to bed some of that There's been a lot of chatter in the seven weeks since Adam Driver dropped a bombshell to the Associated Press that he'd spent the last few years developing The Hunt for Ben Solo. The Lucas film approved, but Bob Iger Nick's direct follow-up to Star Wars: Rise of Skywalker was confirmed by attached director Steven Solderber, and on multiple occasions, the fan base has hired planes to do flyovers of the Walt Disney Studio lot in Burbank to rally support. Up to now, one voice that hasn't weighed in yet is actress Daisy Ridley. I knew a piece of it. I heard rumblings. Daisy shared of her reaction to Driver's News. I have lots of friends who are crew, so things always travel like that. But whoa, when the story came out, no, I was like, "Oh my god." And it was him that said it, right? Him being driver, who is notoriously quiet about all things outside of formal press junkets. She continued, "It was funny because like, oh wow, Adam saying it and that's the big surprise of the year." She laughed. I do love when there is a collective of positivity, she said about the consensus of everyone who seems to want the hunt for Ben Solo to happen. The way the internet seems to have rallied to try and get it to happen. I think one, it's fantastic for us all. It's good for us to all be united about something in a really positive way. Obviously, everyone knows he was a very popular character, but it was also lovely to think, "Wow, people really, really care and want this." I just I like it. I like when people join forces, excuse the pun, from all around the world, all different sorts of people. I just love that the Star Wars fandom is such a huge and gorgeous array of different points of view and different people and the fact that everyone is really behind this thing. I think it's just sort of lovely in a time that is so effing nuts for probably every single person on this earth. I think it's wonderful. So, I was surprised and honestly, I felt joyful about how it went down. That's nice, dude. There are scripts that I read 5 years ago and now I've gone oh maybe they will actually happen she said of many non-S Star Wars projects blah blah blah okay so yeah uh the Ben Solo thing man I would have liked to have seen it I think Kylo Ren was the most promising character of the disjointed poorly written sequel trilogy and I think that Rey could have been if they actually wrote her properly one of the better characters as well I think that both of them had such great potential and it was really unfortunate that we didn't get to see them with any sort of proper character development or even really writing dialogue anything like that because of the lack of vision of KK of the story group of um Ryan Johnson JJ Abrams I think that we could have seen a lot of really great stuff with the sequel trilogy if we had gone with George's vision if we had gone with Colin Travaro's episode 9 you know maybe he could have done the whole 7 8 9 I think one director doing a congruent pass at the trilogy would have been the way to go cuz it would have been at least his story, you know, if they're not going to listen to George's. So yeah, it's unfortunate, man. I I was on board. I would definitely go to see this. And uh the thing is I don't think that they would mess it up. It's Ben Solo. It's, you know, a new character in the sequel trilogy. There's nothing they can really ruin cuz there is no story to respect or fall back on. They're kind of just creating it as they go, right? So, I think it would have been really fun for a lot of people. I do feel like more fans who dislike the sequels and fans who like the sequels would come together more for a Kylo movie or a Ben Solo movie compared to a Ray movie. Absolutely. And the reason for that, no, isn't because one is a boy, one is a girl. It's because Kylo was a better written character. still poorly written, did not live up to his potential and they nerfed him in the end completely, but at least better than Ry. And also, Kylo didn't steal the spotlight from Luke Skywalker like Ry did and then took all his powers, all that crap. So, I do feel like at the end of the day, it would be cool to have gotten something more with I think Adam Driver and Kylo. I think Adam Driver is a great character. I think he did a great job with Ben Solo, with Kylo. And if they want to explore that more, then I think a lot of fans would see that. What they shouldn't do is create a Ry spin-off or whatever it might be. No one cares about Ry. Nobody wants to see Ry. And that's simply because she was a very poorly written character. >> I'm all the Jedi. female character in Star Wars that fans really love. Darth Talon, for example, who a lot of fans really want to see. And no, not just because she's hot, because she's got great story progression and actually has a meaningful story. That's my thoughts on the Kylo Ren Ben Solo movie that got canned and Daisy Ridley's comments on it. And it would be nice to have all [music] the fans back together again, but that is not up to the fans. It is up to Disney and Star Wars making something that fans can all appreciate like The Mandalorian season 1 and Doom. Have a great day. May the force be with you. Now fulfill your destiny. [music]