Life really is a matter of perspective. For example, your boyfriend isn't really a useless, effeminite [ __ ] who makes your skin crawl. He's actually just redefining masculinity. And I'm not actually drunk right now. I'm just redefining sobriety. Or in this case Predator Badlands isn't actually a goofy buddy comedy complete with cute animal sidekicks, an insecure protagonist with daddy issues who has to learn to connect with his emotions, weightless CGI combat scenes, and wacky banter from a quirky android co-star that feels more like an aborted Mandalorian script than anything to do with the Predator universe. No no, it's actually redefining what a Predator movie should be. Now, I can't say I was exactly bursting with anticipation when I went into this one. Partly because the concept of a Predator movie told from the Predator's point of view felt like a fundamental betrayal of the very thing that makes them compelling, their mystique. Partly because those CGI heavy trailers with the horrible Predator redesign didn't do much to win me over. and partly because of early reviews from intellectual giants like Grace Randolph, who boldly gushed over the film's humanization of the Predator and a possible romantic relationship with a [ __ ] androids. Stuff like this is why women's fiction should be banned. Jesus, the amount of glazing this film's been getting on social media would have you believe it's the best thing since the 1987 original. In fact, according to Rotten Tomatoes it's actually better. And it's not even close. It's all [ __ ] All of it. [ __ ] off, Rotten Tomatoes. This is why nobody listens to professional reviewers anymore. Whatever the cost of selling your soul to your corporate overlords, I hope it was worth it, you bunch of dicks. Anyway, let's talk about this unholy union twixed predator and Disney shall we? The movie kicks off on the Predator home world, which funnily enough looks almost exactly like the other planet where the bulk of this film takes place. Hats off for the imaginative environmental design, chaps. Anyway, for that reason, I'm going to call it generic alien planet number one because that's all it is. This is also where we meet our main man, Deck, but henceforth, I shall name him Lumpy because it gives me literally seconds of amusement, and I need to take whatever wins I can get from this one. Anyway Lumpy is preparing to go on his first hunt so that he can become a fullyfledged member of his clan. But his toxically masculine dad has other ideas and instead orders his brother to kill him because he's the runt of the litter. The situation soon goes the way of your average Scottish wedding and Lumpy ends up crash landing on generic alien planet number two where his mission is to find and kill the callisk, the most powerful and dangerous animal on the planet and return victorious to generic alien planet number one so that he can take revenge on his toxically masculine dads. I mean, call me crazy here, but why not just go straight back there and kill him anyway? I mean, it's not like he's going to have your back even if you do succeed. Ah, whatever. Let's just go with it so that the rest of the plot can happen. So, generic alien planet number two turns out to be a hostile dangerfilled hell hole where literally every animal, plant, and object wants to kill you. It's a bit like Australia except the locals are more friendly. Anyway, this is where Lumpy runs into quirky android lady who was part of a whale and Utani expedition to the planet until her team got attacked and torn apart, literally by the call. Oh yeah and she can speak fluent predator. How? Don't know. She makes some vague reference to other predators visiting the planet and talking to her, which makes no sense really because Lumpy's brother specifically said they don't go there because they're all afraid of the callusk. Also, what are the chances that they'd land right in the very location where she just so happens to be and not just immediately kill her? Matter of fact, what are the odds that Lumpy would just so happen to run into her as well when he could have landed literally anywhere on the whole planet? This was all very lucky, wasn't it? Anyway pretty soon they strike up a deal. Quirky android lady will help him find and kill the callisk if he'll take her back to her base camp so that she can be repaired and rescued. And many wacky shenanigans ensue. They're even joined by a cute little alien named Bud who wants to be part of the gang as well. >> I, hate so much about the things that you choose to be. But can they hope to take down the most powerful killing machine in the universe so that he can finally confront his toxically masculine dad? Is quirky android lady hiding a secret from Lumpy? And what became of her sister Tessa, who also went missing during the expedition? The answer, of course, is who the [ __ ] cares? Like I said earlier, your ability to enjoy Predator: Bad Lands is all going to depend on your perspective here. If you're somehow able to forget the whole Predator thing and just see this film as a generic sci-fi adventure movie with light-hearted comedy undertones that's clearly been geared towards a younger audience, then there's probably some enjoyment to be had here. The visuals are mostly fine. There's fun little action sequences to keep you amused, a likable underdog protagonist with a clear emotional arc, and a well-worn but still effective central theme of friendship, loyalty, and redemption. That's all very nice. And on that basis, Badlands more or less works as a slightly dumb, undemanding, but reliable sort of movie that doesn't ask too much from its audience. Here's the problem, though. It's not a generic sci-fi adventure movie. It's a [ __ ] Predator movie. And that name comes with some pretty important expectations. You don't walk into a Predator movie looking for a quirky buddy adventure with cutesy animals and family drama any more than you'd walk into a Saw movie looking for a romantic comedy. Honestly, go watch the original Predator, then skip straight to this thing and just think about what you've witnessed. The difference in tone, style, and intent is more jarring than taking an F1 car to 200 mph and throwing it into reverse. It's insane to think these two movies even belong to the same franchise. Quippy humor and animal sidekicks absolutely do not belong anywhere near a Predator movie. I mean, why do you think Shane Black's film was such a gigantic cluster [ __ ] I don't exactly consider Prey a masterpiece either, but it definitely is compared to this thing because at least it took itself and its characters seriously. I can't take any of Badlands seriously because the film itself treats every fight and plot event as a joke. And don't even get me started on Lumpy's creature design. Like, how the [ __ ] does a movie from 1987 look better than a hundred million dollar Disney project with cuttingedge special effects? How have we gone so far backwards? I honestly can't emphasize enough how soul crushingly horrible a downgrade this actually is. Then there's just the stuff that's straight up irritating. The biggest of which is by far quirky Android lady. >> I, wouldn't, wish, that, on, a, broke, dick dove. >> Holy, [ __ ], man., The, moment, she, shows, up on screen, my urge to ram my fist through the TV rose about 500%. Why on earth would you program a synth for a high priority mission like this to act like some ditzy bimbo with Tourette's? She literally never shuts the [ __ ] up and 90% of what she says is inane unfunny, meaningless babble. It's like being at a party and getting stuck with that one girl who's convinced she's funny as [ __ ] and just won't stop trying to prove it to you. The more I think about it, the more I realize this is literally a Disneyi version of the Predator, neutered and toothless with all the tropes and cliches you expect from a Disney movie. An emotionally vulnerable hero on a quest to take down a monster. A sinister family member working against them. a quirky sidekick for comedy banter, a cute little animal friend for merchandising purposes, and a sequel bait ending to help set up an extended cinematic universe. And it all just makes me feel kind of sick. the realization that just like Alien, this is what the Predator franchise has devolved into. A financial commodity instead of a sharp and violent artistic endeavor, reshaped and remolded into a safe, inoffensive, focus tested corporate product ready to be churned out by the truckload until it becomes financially unviable. Well, based on the opening weekend projections, that eventuality might come sooner than expected., And, you, know what?, It, probably [ __ ] should, too. Predator Badlands isn't exactly a bad movie, but it is a terrible Predator movie that doesn't even hold a candle to the original. And if you want my advice, you'll save your money and catch it on streaming in a month or so. Believe me, you're not missing much. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.