[Music] John Campia, formerly of AMC Movie Talk and Collider Movie Talk, I used to watch both of those shows back in the day, has decided that all of the problems at Lucasfilm and Star Wars have nothing to do with the disastrous leadership of Kathleen Kennedy or the disastrous films of Ryan Johnson or JJ Abrams or Dave Fona or all of the comments that they've all made and the decisions they all of the problems within Star Wars. It's about those toxic fans, ladies and gentlemen. That's the conclusion he comes to, not the people making decisions. Let's listen here on the Campia Exposed channel. Uh they clearly are not a fan of John Campia. I shouted this out on Friday Night Tights and uh yeah, good channel. And they've got their own little edits going on here, but uh we're going to check it out. Let's listen to what John thinks the big problem with Star Wars is. All right, guys. With that down, let's move on to this shall we? Uh Mickey Madison's kind of riding top of the world right now for her amazing performance in Anora in which she won best actress at the Academy Awards. Good for her. She was great in it and I love that she got it. Absolutely fantastic. Well, yesterday our friend Jeff Snyder put out in his Insider newsletter that Shawn Levy and Lucasfilm had offered a role to his upcoming Star Wars movie, which supposedly is going to be the one that comes out next after the Mandalorian movie that he offered a role to Mickey Madison. 4 hours later after he reported that Variety reported this n dog that Mickey Madison has passed on the movie that they did offer to her. Jeff is right. They offered her to her and she turned it down. This is called uh a very smart person right here. Uh, if you just won an Oscar and you are on um you have all of this momentum, the last thing you want to do is get involved with the disaster known as Disney Star Wars. You want nothing to do with this. Why would you as an actor who is hitting these uh incredible milestones with Oscars and you've got all of this momentum, why would you want to get involved with Star Wars? What has Star Wars done under Disney that makes this a good decision for any up and cominging actor? Name it. There's no good reason to do this. All of the projects end up being a complete and total disaster in terms of the behind the scenes. You switch directors. You switch showrunners. You announce projects that never actually happen. Where's Ryan Johnson's trilogy at right now? Where's the Benny Off and Weiss trilogy? Not a movie. Not a movie. We're talking about a trilogy. They cancelled two trilogies. How do you cancel two trilogies and you don't even address it? To this day, they have never officially uh said that Ryan Johnson's trilogy is not happening. They announced this before The Last Jedi came out in 2017. And they have never officially said Ryan Johnson's trilogy is not happening. Why would you want anything to do with this? But hey, that's but none of that has anything to do with those guys. It's those mean fans. Uh, this comes to us from Variety Road. Mickey Madison won't journey into a galaxy far, far away for her first project after picking up the best actress Oscar. Sources tell Variety that Madison was offered the role in the new untitled Star Wars movie directed by Deadpool and Wolverine filmmaker Shan Levy. But conversations has since ended with the Northstar passing on the project. Now, there's whispers going around. We've talked about that Ryan Gosling may be in this film, which would be incredible if they did. Uh, that is confirmed. That was confirmed at Star Wars Celebration because Ryan Gosling uh showed up on the stage at Star Wars Celebration. So, Ryan Gosling will be in this movie. You know, it wasn't that long ago that it would seem inconceivable that a performer would pass on a Star Wars movie. Are they like contra contractually obligated to to laugh at at like all of his like little jokes? Do you imagine like a Geeks and Gamer stream and people are like they have to like most of my streams my team's just calling me names and the chat's calling me names. It feels like they have to like John, you're such a funny guy, John. And even somebody like writing like you got Mickey Madison who's now a household name for winning the Oscar. Household. You now do a Star Wars movie. I mean, you cemented yourself. I don't think she's a household. She's a big She's a big name in the industry. A couple of well, I was going to say a couple of calls. I sent a couple of text messages um last night. And the sense I'm getting from some people was that the reason she passed on it wasn't because she doesn't like Ryan Gosling and wasn't because she doesn't like Shawn Levy or is it because she doesn't really love Star Wars. Uh the the sense that we got was that she decided to turn it down because the Star Wars fandom is rather a dangerous dangerous toxic attacking place. Wow. And she saw what a lot of the Star Wars fans did to Daisy Ridley and she saw what a lot of the Star Wars fans did to some other female actresses that have been in Star. What exactly did they did the Star Wars fandom do to Daisy Ridley? Uh John, uh please can you enlighten me? Can you give me some actual data? Some actual receipts? Some actual receipts that prove that the Star Wars fans did anything to Daisy Ridley. I'm waiting. I'm waiting. Can you show me anything where the Star Wars fans did anything to Kelly Marie Tran? Now, if you show me where they criticized Ray as a character and they criticized Roast Tico as a character, well, that's what fans do. There's nothing wrong with that. Can you show me any receipts to back up your claims? No, you can't. I know you can't. You cannot back these claims up. These are ghost claims that are meant to build an nonsensical narrative around Star Wars fans so that you cannot blame the people that are actually involved with the decision-making. They're the ones to blame for this. You know, Kathleen Kennedy, Ryan Johnson, J.J. Abrams, Dave Fona, so on and so forth. Those are the people that are to blame for the disaster known as Star Wars. Star Wars lately. And I think her the speculation is that her and her team's like, "Right now, we don't want her to be a part of that. We don't want her to get mixed up in that." Um, from a couple of the conversations I had last night, that seems to be the sense. But again, you know, if Mickey came in the room right now, um, and we asked her straight up, maybe she would give a different reason. So, I don't know. So, take that as pure pure unsubstantiated speculation. So, so, hey guys, I don't know if this is true, but hey, I'm going to put it out there because it's really acceptable to put an anti-fan narrative out there, but we don't know if it's true. So, don't take what I'm saying seriously, but it could be true because, you know, the fans ran off Daisy Ridley and they ran off Kelly Marie Tran. Even though we don't have any proof of that, it it happened because we're here to tell you it happened because they want to speak this into existence because here's the thing. An Oscar winner and apparently this this girl is like really like a hot commodity in Hollywood right now. Her walking away from Lucasfilm doesn't make Lucasfilm look good. It makes Lucasfilm look very, very bad. But she could never say publicly, I'm going to walk away because Lucasfilm sucks and Kathleen Kennedy's a terrible leader and there's a lot of disastrous projects that really have not benefited any of the actors or actresses that have been involved with this uh, you know, franchise since Disney took over. She can't say that. It's career suicide. But you know what she can say? Ah yeah, those fans are just so mean. So let's put that narrative out there, guys. Let's push that narrative to just say, "Hey, you just you just need to blame it on the fans because we want you to keep getting work and we want to keep getting you involved in these big studios. So we need you to say it's the fans." It's absolutely ridiculous. This is the tactic they're playing right now. We don't know if it's true, guys, but it wouldn't surprise me. I mean, at tracks, we've heard some significant filmmakers, including like one of the really great ones right now, Christopher McCory, just straight up came up and said, "Oh, I love Star Wars, but yeah, man, no, I would never make a Star Wars movie today. Star Wars fandom is too toxic." And it's it's not just with directors, apparently. So, this obviously is unhealthy for for a franchise to actually be there. It's almost not hands-on, but sort of shaping our Star Wars universe. Like, this fandom is kind of shaping, but Oh, yeah. Yeah. No, they're ruining everything. Yeah. No, no, they're they're like, "You're the reason we can't have nice things sort of thing." They're fixing it. What's that? They're fixing it. Yeah. We're We're fixing Anyway, so fans are the reason we can't have nice things. That has nothing to do with the creative choices of the executives that run Lucas Film. No, no, no. It's those mean fans online. Wait. Okay. Is that like So whenever uh you McGregor made a video basically calling all fans racist and sexist, uh right before the Open One show even came out, that was the fan's fault because like a random account on Instagram said something mean. Therefore, let's just brand the whole fandom toxic and racist. An a Mikey M a Mikey Matt Mikey Madison um actually give you a sense of where Shawn Levy's movie is may be like tonewise because I I was thinking as soon as I I just found out today I didn't know Shawn Levy was directing Star Wars movie. You literally made graphics. I know. Hot damn. How great would it have been to have Mikey Madison in a Star Wars movie? Well, yeah, definitely. How great would that be with Ryan Gosling? Oh, especially if it was with Ryan Gosling. And especially with those two if it it I would want Levity like you were talking about, but also a bit of like ominous tone like Yeah. I don't I don't care what the rest of these guys have to say. Uh let's get it past these guys cuz uh he's just memeing on fandom. It just disappoints me if it really is because of the fandom. Fame is fleeting. An opportunity like people think that once you you're hot in Hollywood, you're hot forever. Uh-uh. like doors close faster than they open in this business. And so my my standard wisdom would be I think the standard wisdom would be that you've won this Oscar, you've got the lime knight, you now have an open door to the biggest franchise of all time and and be in Star Wars and be immortalized. But it could be that her people her and her people are looking at it. Yeah. But that could also be the thing that absolutely kills my career because of the fandom in it. Yeah. Yeah. Because of the fandom in it. Because of the fandom. Oh my god. This is absolutely incredible that we're still at this point of blaming Star Wars fans after failure and failure and failure and failure and failure from Lucasfilm from projects that have had such creative disasters on Luca on on Kathleen Kennedy's uh you know watch at Lucasfilm. And we're still going to blame the fans. Disgusting behavior. No, it's not the fan's fault. It's never the fan's fault. Using your individual voice as a fan is the biggest thing you can do as a fan. So whether you like something or whether you hate it, use your voice to express that and never apologize for it. It doesn't matter. Do you know who the true toxic fans are in the Star Wars fandom? It's the Raos, which aren't real Star Wars fans, by the way. So, if you want to talk about fans that drove anyone away, Daisy Ridley, that would be the Raos, you know, the freaks with pronouns in their bio or the freaks that are lonely 45, 50 year old women that fantasize about uh Daisy Ridley and Adam Driver hooking up and they can't separate fantasy from reality. So they harass the actors in their real life and they harass their significant others because they don't want to see anyone else with these two characters. These people are twisted and demented and that actually happened. But John wants to make believe that all these fans were so mean and it it's ridiculous. So anyway, I decided I wanted to cover this because um we'll see how this narrative plays out. Um, I don't know anything about this this girl, this Mickey or Mikey Madison or whatever she is, but she seems like she's got a lot of momentum right now. Um, and she's in Hollywood, so she's going to be playing the Hollywood game. So, it'll be interesting to see if she actually wants to blame the fans, um, or how this all plays out or if she even comments on it at all. But John Campia making these claims without anything to back it up. More of the same. You guys have a great day. Thank you very much for checking out this video. Solo lost money. Raos are weird. Lucasfilm and we will talk to you later. [Music]