While families with young children comprise about 14% of this city's population, they comprise about 30% of the set of New Yorkers who are leaving the city. And that's because after housing, child care is the number one cost in so many New Yorkers' lives. And we see that in the average estimate of $22,500 a year being the cost of childare for a single child across these five burrows. >> So that was Mayor Elect Zorhan Manny in Brooklyn talking about his plans to give free child care to all the families in New York City. And part of his justification for this program is that families are fleeing New York City at exorbitant rates. Now on this channel, we've actually covered this phenomenon before it recently became trending on twitter.com. Actually, back in July when Mombani won the Democratic primary and in that video, I brought up this Bloomberg article which indicates that since 2020, 18% of the population with children under age 5 has exited the city. families are leaving at extraordinary rates. And by the way, it's also true, although to a less severe degree, that families with children under the age of 18 are also fleeing the city. But recently, we actually received information again from this chart that has been going viral on twitter.com that indicates that there is a massive left-wing city exodus and all of the families are moving apparently to Florida, Texas, and basically red states with way less social welfare programs and way less housing restrictions. And this is what I want to talk about today. The real demographic change that people are not addressing in major left-wing cities. why red states are capitalizing on that. And of course, how all of these programs that are proposed that supposedly are meant to help these families in reality are just luxury beliefs that appeal to double income, no kids households, the base of the Mandani type candidates. And of course, they're going to backfire, but that's not necessarily a bad thing for the Mandani types. But before we get into that, I want to thank everybody who supports this channel via actualjusticewarrior.com/join. >> I give me the money. Give you give me the money. Okay, >> so make no mistake about it. Zora Mam Donnie has been pushing this free child care thing and how he's going to pay for it by raising taxes at the New York state level, which he can't do as mayor of New York City. And that is what is supposed to solve the affordability crisis that is causing families to leave the city of New York in droves. It's one of Zaram Mandani's signature issues and one of the most ambitious free child care for every family in New York. The cost is estimated at $6 billion a year and would cover infants as young as 6 weeks to children up to prek. But the plan depends on tax increases on corporations and the city's wealthiest residents and a vast infrastructure of personnel and sites that have yet to be identified. However, interestingly enough, if you actually look at the exit polling data from the New York City mayoral election, what you'll come to realize is that had these families not left the city of New York and they represented a significant more portion of the electorate as they did just 5 years ago, Zorha Mandani would not be the mayor elect. Again, let's look at this NBC exit poll on the voting patterns of people with and without children. So, as you could see right here in this NBC News exit polling data that if you answered the question if you have any children under the age 18 in the affirmative, then only 45% of you voted for Zorha Madani compared to 48% for Andrew Cuomo and the remainder for Curtis Leewa and I believe another candidate or all other candidates. Now, if you said no, you don't have children under 18, 53% of you voted for Zorha Mamani, compared to 40% for Cuomo. And again, the remainder a mixture between Selwa and other candidates. Now, it's important for you to understand that obviously there were three candidates that were largely promoted in the race. So, I'm adding the non-Mani votes from Andrew Cuomo and from Curtis Leewa as votes against Mum Donnie because that's exactly what they were. And what you find out when you do that math is that Mumani does not get a majority of any group except for women with no children. And his majority is quite decisive at 55%. Again, while he barely beat Andrew Cuomo in the category of men with children, he still lost when you add up all other candidates. He lost against women with children to Andrew Cuomo who got an absolute majority. He gains a plurality of men with no children, but again, if you add up all other candidates, he did in fact lose that. And again, it's only women with no children at 55% that he gets an absolute and decisive majority. So, isn't it curious? Isn't it interesting that Madani is under the belief that affordability is the major thing that is driving families out of the city of New York? And his solutions, which by the way obviously were the most vocal and most broadcasted solutions, are rent stabilization in order to make sure families wink wink can stay in the city of New York and free child care. But families with children rejected mom Donnie and he only won a victory, an absolute majority and decisively so in the category of women with no children. Well, the reason for that is because rent control and rent stabilization and free child care are luxury beliefs that don't actually benefit families. And that's why they leave cities that have these policies in droves to go to places where rent control and rent stabilization are outright banned. Which, by the way, you could see by this chart right here. You can basically look at it and what you find out is that people are moving away from restrictive left-wing areas that make it more difficult to build, but offer a bunch of subsidies supposedly to help families for places like Austin, Texas, like in Florida, where rent control and rent stabilization is outright banned and where they do not offer free government paid for child care. Now, these smug elitist progressives will look at this data, look at the way that people are moving and say, "Well, those people are voting against their own interests. They're moving away against their own interests." When in reality, nothing could be further from the truth. Again, we talked about multiple times how Mamani actually offers nothing new in terms of housing policy in the city of New York. We've had rent control since the postw World War II era in this city. The rent stabilization program dates back to the 70s. 44% of apartments are already in rent stabilization. The idea that you're just going to ratchet that number up and it's somehow going to magically produce the dividends that he's asking for is absolutely ridiculous and false. Especially when you look at other cities where families are fleeing, which are Los Angeles, who has about 60% of their apartments under rent stabilization, and San Francisco, who has almost twothirds of their apartments in that particular program. Obviously, these are not familyoriented policies. And by the way, one of the things that has also led to increases in people leaving the city of New York due to the fact that more units have been pulled off the market is the 2019 rents control law that Governor Andrew Cuomo signed back in the day because of progressive Democrats who had their progressive wave back in that year putting it on his desk. This caused a drop of tens of thousands of available units in the city of New York because prior to that law, you could actually as a landlord get an adjustment on your rent stabilized rate if you improved your apartment. However, that law said that that was no longer the case and it didn't even exempt apartments that were currently going through renovations to get those adjustments. So, you have a bunch of buildings in the city of New York where they have made it more advantageous to keep these apartments empty because you would lose more money under the rent stabilized and rent control rateing it because again, it doesn't cover the cost. And we highlighted a specific building a bunch of times on this channel that was featured in a viral video. And I explained how in the beginning of that particular video, the guy who was calling out this program said that you could get $6,000 for a four-bedroom apartment in that neighborhood. But that building in particular was actually in the news because a guy was refusing to leave when the landlord wanted to renovate the place. And the reason he was refusing to leave is because his rent was capped at $350 a month. You can't make any money on $350 a month. And when you pass a law saying that you can't get an adjustment, even if you update the entire apartment, you end up in a situation where it's vacant. And again, tens of thousands of units have been pulled off the market due to Mamani style policy. And again, if you look at this chart that is going viral right here, what you essentially see present on this chart are not cities that aren't fast growing in other regards. What you actually see are cities in red states that have good zoning rules, probuilder kind of policies, growing in children under five. And again, these cities often outright ban the very programs that the left-wing progressives are trying to push in order to solve the affordability crisis. But these places are more affordable because they focus on the supply side of things. Now, of course, there are some outliers in here. Washington DC has seen some gains. Obviously, DC has a bunch of restrictions. It's a left-wing area, but the thing is the government sector grows massively and that leads to people moving there. That leads to families moving there. Super wealthy families. It's one of the wealthiest areas in the entire country, wealthier than many areas in Manhattan. And those people can still afford to have families. And you also have Seattle, which is a left-wing area that was growing in population. But the mayor that they just ousted was actually recently moving in the correct direction. However, he has been replaced with the socialist who's having their child care subsidized by her wealthy Manhattan parents. and she wants to institute all the same amount policies that drive people away. But in addition to affordability, one of the things that you will also notice about a bunch of these cities that are increasing in population is that they didn't really embrace the defund the police movement. Again, there are notable outliers that are included that can be explained away for different reasons, but the overall trend right here, as you can see, is affordability through supply increases. So, good building policies, not rent control, not rent stabilization. In fact, many of these cities, it is outright banned on the state level, as well as increased zoning restrictions being banned at the state level. But on the flip side, what you see is all of the bad zoning, all of the left-wing regulations, all of the policies that are supposedly there in order to make families want to stay backfiring completely. And by the way, this should be surprising to no one. How many times have you heard a national figure talk about the importance of something like paid family leave if you want to raise the birth rates in the United States of America? I'm sure you hear it all the time. It's in left-wing media and it's starting to creep into right-wing populist media. But the thing is that never gets asked in response to this is how can they make the case that paid family leave is the thing that will cause a birthing boom in the United States of America and fix our population problems when almost all of the countries that have that policy have lower birth rates than the United States of America. Look, we have to face reality. The only people that are having more children in order to collect more welfare are the dregs of our society. people in the hood with multiple baby daddies that of course are doing it in order to gain the system who don't actually want to work. For regular normal ordinary people, what they want in order to have a family is community, not government support. In fact, government support often separates you from the community, separates you from institutions like the church. And that prevents you from actually wanting to form a family because it changes the mindset of the people much in the same way that it also teaches them to be helpless. We've talked about this phenomenon before. It's called learn helplessness. In addition to that, when we talk about rent stabilization as a family oriented policy, that flies in the face of all logic and reason and it should be obvious that it does because the fact is when you get a rentstabilized unit in New York City and it's at a good price, you don't move out. Like that is the thing that you almost never do. And the reason you don't move out from that is because the market rent because of so many apartments being in rent stabilization and of course the negative effects on supply in a place like the city of New York is so much higher. So you would lose a significant amount of money. But the thing is if you're locked into an apartment because you wouldn't afford to leave the city otherwise and that apartment is not large enough for you to feel comfortable starting a family, you don't start a family because it's not in your self-interest to do so. because the cost of jumping from rentstabilized one or two-bedroom apartment to a much larger place that you would have to pay market rate for is just not something people aren't willing to do. So in reality, mom Donniey's policies of more rent stabilization are actually going to do the exact opposite. And in addition to that, you already have so many people who have been locked into those really good priced apartments for decades in the city of New York. So they don't leave due to normal market conditions, you know, when prices go up or when they get older because again, they're incentivized to stay. So there's no real place for families that are just starting out to move into because that also has damaging effects on supply, which of course ends up increasing the prices. Now, you compare and contrast that to Austin, Nashville, any of these positive growth areas that are seeing nearly 100% increases in families with children under five. And what actually happens because they actually allow building prices fall. It's a competitive market that caters to the consumer. And so if you want to start a family, you don't have this giant burden against you of actually having to give up your rentstabilized place and go into the market rate because you're never going to find a larger cheaper rentstabilized apartment because somebody else is already holding that down till the end of time. And again, there's a lot of large apartments in the city of New York that are being held down by single individuals because again, the rent is just so much cheaper. But normally, people would downsize as they get older, move on with their lives. But that doesn't happen because it's not incentivized to happen. And this is the crazy thing about this is that you have a bunch of liberal single women with no kids that are voting for policies in theory in order to help families that families are rejecting because they know the exact opposite is helping them. They also want more emphasis on public safety. That becomes a higher concern when you are a parent, when you have children. But mom Donniey's in the defund the police camp and so are these single left-wing women. So, if you want an explanation on why left-wing cities are dying, why families are leaving, it's because of the very policies of those unchecked left-wing cities, and I know people are going to point out that Austin is actually one of the most liberal parts of Texas. That's absolutely true. But the thing is, Texas bans rent control outright. Texas also, in addition to that, does not allow any of the local areas to do zoning above the Texas maximum caps. So when Austin had to look for solutions to housing prices going up in the early 2020s, what did they do? They went in the only direction they could go, which of course was to allow more building. And the crazy thing about this is that if you told this to these single progressive women, these childless single progressive women or the double income no kid households, which by the way, I'm not knocking. I happen to be in one of those households now. I do plan to have a family in the future. Most of those people would look at you like you're the monster and then they lecture you on the virtues of their voting patterns. However, when you look at the voting patterns of the people that are affected, what you find out is that they're telling you they want the opposite. Their revealed preference is exactly contrary to what these people who are not in this situation are actually voting for, which unironically shows that they're worse at empathy than people who actually understand the realities of the situation. But you know what? Those are just my thoughts. I want to know what you guys think about this phenomenon down in the comments below. As per usual, if you like this video, show them by leaving a like. Subscribe for more content. Follow me on my social medias. Support me via the support links in the description of this video. This has been me talking about the death of the family in the left-wing city. Till next time.