Hey guys, welcome back to Clownfish TV. This is Neon and John Oliver knows he's effed. We're going to talk about this and I'm going to try to muddle through it. I'm not feeling too well this week, but uh yeah, I saw this headline from the Daily Beast. John Oliver sounds off on his Trumpy new bosses. Yeah, so this is John Oliver who's been very very critical obviously of the right. He's a left-wing pundit talking head. The only reason I know who this guy is is for some reason after our videos play on YouTube almost always it's a John Oliver video that comes up next. I don't know why. I don't know why they think we're aligned or why they think our audience would want to watch John Oliver, but that's 99% of the time that's who comes up. It's not another YouTuber, it's this guy. So, I don't know. We're going to talk about his reaction to the uh Paramount acquisition of Warner Brothers, his his owner, and uh he's not real happy about it. And I don't think this guy's going to stay. I think what's going to happen is uh guys like Coar and John Oliver and Jimmy Kimmel when he's done, they're going to they're going to mosey off into the West, aka podcast. They're going to go over with like Conan O'Brien and go do podcasts or something. They're not going to be on network television because uh it's not going to happen for them. Uh it's not going to happen for them. Uh well, I guess he was on HBO, but you know what I'm saying. Like they're going to leave TV, I think, and go to go to podcasts, which are basically just TV now, I guess. Let's talk about this. Before we get into it any further, please subscribe for more pop culture news, views, and rants. Guys, you still got some time if you want to pick up Geeky Sparkles Raging Geeky Pins out on Kickstarter. Got a couple days to go there. We've left the Crimson Ren Adventure Edition open for a few more weeks if you want to grab a copy of that book and also all the uh extras that we have with it this time around. I'm hoping to launch book two this fall. I got to coordinate with Jose. But um there we go. Yeah, book two is already written. We just need to to get Jose working on the art. So this is coming from the Daily Beast and then we'll go out to the rap. He's kind of having a meltdown here. John Oliver sounds off on his Trumpy new bosses. How the f do I get out of here? The late night host asked. Yeah, he wants out. They don't want to they don't want to stick around if Paramount Sky Dance is going to tell them what they can and can't say. Uh these guys are not going to be comfortable working for this company under the Ellison's. Uh you know, things are definitely gonna change. So John Oliver took aim at his new bosses on Sunday's episode of Last Week Tonight calling out Paramount's acquisition of Warner Brothers Discovery. We might be getting a new business daddy Oliver 48. 48. He's only 48. God, he looks like he's 65. Okay, 48 said on Late Night Show, which airs on HBO, part of the Warner Brothers Discovery family. Yeah, not great news, he went on to say. In fact, if I may quote anyone who's ever accidentally sound their Roku remote, I'm in Paramount now. How the [ __ ] do I get out of here? He wants out. Yeah, he wants out. He doesn't want to He doesn't want to deal with them anymore than Cobar wants to deal with them. Uh, it's Yeah, they want out. Even after starting a segment on body cams, Oliver managed to roast Paramount. There's no point in the police just stacking up thousands of hours of footage that no one's ever going to see, he said. Especially given that we all know that is Paramount Plus's job. Ouch. Hey, what are they going to do? He joked. Take us over and immediately cancel us. I'm genuinely asking. Well, you might get your wish, dude. I'm just saying you might get your wish. Uh, billionaires Larry and David Ellison won the bidding war against Netflix to acquire Warner Brothers last week. their company Paramount Sky Dance, upped his bid from $30 a share to $31 a share, winning over the media conglomerate. David Ellison, who was spotted at President's uh President Trump's State of the Union address. And uh David Ellison, if I remember correctly, he actually backed Biden last time around. I am pretty sure he backed Biden last time around, but he's he's come around to loving the Trump, just like all these tech guys have come around to loving the Trump. Uh he issued a statement praising the acquisition saying from the very beginning our pursuit of Warner Brothers has been guided by a clear purpose to honor the legacy of two iconic companies while accelerating our vision of building a next generation media and entertainment company. By bringing together these world-class studios, our complimentary streaming platforms and the extraordinary talent behind them, we will create even greater value for audiences, partners, and shareholders. I'm glad that they put shareholders last because sometimes they say the quiet part out loud and they're like, "It's going to be great value for shareholders." Oh, yeah. I guess the customers, too. But mostly the shareholders. Yeah. Um, should the deal be completed, it will. It will. There's There's no way in hell it's not going to happen. Uh, Warner's extensive library of entertainment will merge with Paramounts. The Warner Brothers family includes HBO, HBO Max, CNN, and the Discovery Channel. News that the deal has already caused ripples through the media ecosystem. CNN staffers are reportedly panicked and devastated by the potential ramifications of Paramount buying their parent company with many fearing the MAGA aligned billionaires. Well, is that is that like lawful good or lawful evil depending on who you ask, right? MAGA aligned. MAGA alignment that needs to be in DND. MAGA aligned will steer the network toward Trump friendly coverage like they did with CBS. CNN's chief media uh analyst Brian Stelter questioned the future of the company, writing, CNN employees and viewers have serious concerns about whether Paramount CEO David Ellison will uphold the news network's editorial independence amid severe political turbulence. Uh, no they will not. I can I can almost guarantee they will not. In fact, it would not surprise me if they wound up merging CBS and CNN under Barry Weiss, which would be a worst case scenario for these guys. Uh that would be the absolute worst thing possible. But uh this person says the Ellison's have normal looking faces. Uh so yeah, look, things are going to change. And here's here's the the whiplash that Hollywood and the media is going to experience. They've had control of everything for 10 to 15 years now. It's been very very far left. It used to be a pretty even mix. Like look, Hollywood and the media have always been sort of left aligned, right? at least as long as I can remember, you know, growing up in the 80s and 90s, but it wasn't ridiculous. Not like it has been over the last 10 to 15 years. And now the pendulum is swinging back hard. And I'm going to be completely honest. I'm going to be completely honest here. I don't know if the pendulum is going to swing back anytime soon. I think you're looking at at least a decade of everything being very right-wing trademark. um because of how hard the left pushed normal people to their breaking points with cancel culture and grievances and DEI and calls for this and that and whatever. Everything was offensive. The TV shows were [ __ ] Um you were allowed to say anything in school. Uh you get fired from your job if you looked at somebody the wrong way. You know what I'm saying? People are tired of it. So I think it's going to push back really [ __ ] hard and I think it's going to stay there for a long time. It might stay there longer than it did uh on the left if I'm being honest. Um yeah, that that that that feels like a thing that could happen because people are going to be like, "Hey, do you want to go back to that? Do you want to go back to the the you know, to 2017, 2018 where you could literally get fired from your job for tweeting the wrong thing or thinking the wrong thing or being the wrong skin tone, wrong gender, whatever. Do you want to go back to that?" No, you do not. So you you keep the Republicans in power as long as you can. I can see that happening. And this would, I believe, be their own doing because they pushed it so hard. They've pushed Democrats out of party. I was a Democrat. Do you know that? People are like, "You're like the alt-right MAGA." No, I'm not even MAGA, but I was a Democrat for years until 2016 when they tanked Bernie. I was like, "Wow, he was a clear front runner. Democracy my ass." Uh, yeah. and then I went independent and I I'd consider myself a libertarian at this point if anybody's curious about it. But uh you I'm just kind of watching this whole thing go down and uh I think you have push people and they're going to push back and it's going to be it's going to be far right for a while. I I'm I'm I'm being honest and that means they're going to basically buy up all the media. They're going to buy up all the tech. I'm not saying that's a good thing. I'm just saying that's what's going to happen because people got pushed too [ __ ] far and now they're going to push back equal and opposite uh reaction. Actually, I think it's going to be a magnified reaction. Um, so good luck with that. Anyway, this is coming from the rap. The future of John Oliver's Last Week Tonight will be a stress test for Paramount. The Emmy Darling is a pillar of HBO's brand, but can the overtly political show survive a new business daddy? No. Uh, he's going to leave. I think he'll leave as soon as he can. They said if David Ellison's company is is as concerned with appeasing Trump as many critics fear, Oliver's cancellation would be undeniable proof of its intention. And all these concerns are coming about during a year when Oliver's contract with HBO is coming to an end. Uh-huh. He's done, man. He's done. They're they're they're gonna No, I think he's going to walk Here's what I think is going to happen. And I think this guy is going to walk on his own and then he's going to blame them. I had to leave. I just had to leave. Yeah, I had to leave cuz I couldn't work for those Nazis. Uh he's going to wind up doing podcasts is what's going to happen. That's what I think is going to happen. I don't think they care about last week tonight's Emmys. Look at Co Bear and what happened there. Yeah, they don't give a [ __ ] Numbers, ad revenue, that's what they care about. The show's expensive, but he has a level of prestige that in the past would have immunized him for everything. past is over, dude. It's over. Um, oh, this come from Ann Liber, associate professor at Columbia College, Chicago, as well as director of comedy studios at Second City. Okay, they're actually not looking for prestige. They're not looking for an audience. They're looking for control. No, they're actually looking for an audience. Uh, and they're looking for an audience. They want an audience. They want ad revenue. And the audience walked away. The people that were watching Cobar, most of them were like falling asleep in front of their televisions. Okay, that's what's going on. We're living in a time when late night comedy is undoubtedly under fire. Shortly after Sky Dance announced it acquisition, Paramount last July, CBS announced it would be ending the Late Show. That cancellation, which will take place on May 21st, was reportedly due to financial concerns, though many, including Coar still believe the move was politically motivated. Uh Coar was incredibly expensive and he wasn't getting enough bang for the buck. I think he would have been more. I mean, there might have been an element of that, but I think he would have been more immune had he been bringing it financially, but they were in the hole. Months later, ABC suspended Jimmy Kimmel following criticism from conservatives and the Trump administration after a joke made uh Kimmel made about Charlie Kirk. 6 days later, Kimmel was reinstated. Yeah, it was it was a vacation. Barely an inconvenience. Kimmel and Coar have been repeatedly criticized by Trump for mocking him. When it comes to mocking Trump, few are more aggressive than Oliver. In 2016, Oliver's Donald Trump campaign bea became so popular generated its lengthy Wikipedia. I don't even remember this. The only people that that remember any of this [ __ ] are the the elite liberal college professors and journalists and people in that that bubble like the rest of America. I don't remember Donald Trump. Do you remember Donald Trump? I didn't even know who the [ __ ] John Oliver was until he started showing up at the end of every one of my videos. I have no idea who this guy is. Now, Bill Maher I knew because he's been around for years. But John Oliver, I'm like, "Oh, it's this smurmy British guy talking about American politics. Just what I want to watch. Who gives a shit?" Last year, he also likened Trump's administration to authoritarianism and called Trump a creep who like to hang out with Jeff Epstein. Well, that is a whole another discussion. I like how now they're they're bringing up Epstein. Before they were terrified of the Epstein Files getting released because like half of Hollywood is in the Epstein Files name checked. Like even freaking Whoopi Goldberg is in there. Uh it's crazy. Oliver also hasn't held back on his criticism of Paramount, the company that is now positioned to be the owner of HBO's parent company, Warner Brothers. They're saying this thing is going to get fasttracking. It could happen as soon as September. People are like, "It's going to be tied up for years." I'm like, "Oh, the hell it will. It's going to go it's going to glide right through. It's already been lubed up. It's that this this thing. This is the outcome that they wanted." I'm I'm going to be honest. Netflix was sand in the ointment, right? This is the outcome they wanted. It's already Yeah. The runway is clear. It's It's going to go through and it's going to go through fast. And this happened with Paramount, too. Paramount went through fast and people were laid off almost immediately. And if you think that's not going to happen here, they're not going to cancel [ __ ] and lay people off immediately, you're you're snorting something, right? I mean, it's just like it's it's it's going to happen very quickly and people are not ready. They're not ready for how how this is going to go down. On Thursday, Netflix dropped out of the bidding war over Warner Brothers. They said, "Yeah, blah blah blah blah blah." The bidding war was in full force. Oliver ran expose of CBS News editor and chief Barry Weiss. Oh yeah, he's toast. Calling her appointment at best irresponsible, at worst deeply misleading, and called Paramount a soulless, ethically bankrupt, ass-kissing corporation before yelling, "Please stay the [ __ ] away from us. You are not my real business daddy and you never will be." Oh, he's toasted. He's toes, man. You don't [ __ ] where you eat. That's rule number one, right? You don't [ __ ] where you eat in business. And And this is Yeah. Clearly, there's going to be a heightened scrutiny on the programming, says J. Christopher Hamilton. Okay. Did you notice that these are all like professors? The only people that watch this guy are college elites. That's what I'm saying. Like, no real person knows who the [ __ ] John Oliver is outside of academia. They all know who he is. So, this is an assistant professor at Syracuse University. Where's the person on the street? Like, hey, what do you think about John Oliver last week? Who the [ __ ] is John Oliver? that annoying British guy on HBO want you know Sunday nights or whatever it's like nobody cares nobody watches him uh you know John Stewart they know Bill Maher they might know nobody watches this guy Hamilton pointed increased focus around CBS News and 60 Minutes took place after David Ellison took control of the company I think we already know what the consequences will likely be if you deviate too far from whatever the boundaries are set for him uh one late writer described the impending Paramount Warner merger as undeniably grim inside CNN. There's heightened anxiety and speculation. No, I'm I'm going to tell you what's going to happen. And we're going to do another video today talking about the plans that uh Paramount has for Warner Brothers acquisitions. And it's going to be a lot of pruning and gutting. And what they will do, they're not going to come out and say this is why they're doing it, but what they will do is they will [ __ ] can this guy. they will not renew his contract. Um, they'll probably cite financial concerns and those are probably valid concerns, but they're going to be like, "You're not bringing any value." They're going to merge Paramount and HBO together, which means that we don't need you anymore. We don't need extra, you know what I'm saying? Extra programming on HBO. And sure as hell not somebody that's going to be constantly like, "We're not going to pay you to [ __ ] on us." Why would anybody I mean seriously and and just in general why would any company keep someone on payroll who's going to constantly attack the company just to be fair? That's not in your own best interest, right? Like you're not going to keep somebody on payroll that's going to constantly [ __ ] on you. I mean every once in a while you get uh you know late night host or whatever make a jab at the the parent company or whatever. Um, even Johnny Carson, I think, would do it once in a while, but it was good-natured ribbing. It wasn't like, "We're going to drag the company." Yeah, let's pay this guy millions of millions of dollars a year, whatever the hell they're paying him to to constantly take a [ __ ] on Paramount, on the Ellison's who own the network. They're going to be like, "Get the hell out of here." And he'll look, he'll be fine. He'll go him and Cob Bear and all these other guys are going to go get a big fat ass podcast deal. And then they're going to wind up what what really disgusts me is they're going to wind up on YouTube with us and they're going to promote them over people like us is what's going to happen. There's going to be some some backroom deal made and this guy's going to be show maybe maybe they've already shown me the future. The reason he keeps showing up at the end of every one of our clownfish videos is because that is the future. He's going to be one of us except he's gonna like on day one probably have like 15 million subscribers or some [ __ ] and magically get to the top of all the search results on YouTube and magically get promoted because YouTube wants to be new Hollywood now and they're going to take all these guys. That's what's probably going to happen and then they're going to push people like us out. Uh so there we go. Rinse and repeat. Um anyway, I'm going to wrap it up guys. Please subscribe. We'll talk later.