A fight between two teenagers outside of a Suffach County high school ended with an arrest after the mother of one of the teens involved jumped in and started swinging a metal water bottle. Her intervention left one of the teens with a big gash on her forehead. Whenever I talk about teen violence or youth violence as the media likes to paint it, oftent times I will receive comments criticizing the parents of those teens, the parents of those youths when in reality 100% of the time this is actually not true. In fact, we recently did a story about a teen carjacker who stole multiple vehicles, whose mother actually not only went to the court demanding consequences, but went to the media demanding consequences for her son because she understood that him getting slaps on the wrist was only enabling his criminal behavior. And in those instances where the parent is trying their best, but the kid is out of control and they absolutely want consequences from the criminal justice system, but the woke judges or woke prosecutor refuse to deliver. I think we really need to go out of our way to praise those parents. However, in this case, in this particular story, not only do I believe that the mother is responsible for her daughter's violent tendencies, but the mother herself decided that it would be appropriate to participate in a fight when she saw her daughter in an argument, and she actually physically assaulted a 14-year-old girl with a weapon. This is what we're going to talk about today. It's absolute madness. But before we do, I want to thank everybody who supports this channel via actualjusticewarrior.com/join. >> Give me the money. Give you give me the money. Okay. >> My mom just came in and started beating me with the cup. I took my head cuz I saw blood dripping. I took my head and I saw blood all over my hands. >> 14-year-old Madison Evans about to start 10th grade here at Brentwood High School describing a brutal fight as she left summer classes Tuesday morning. In this video taken by her cousin, you can see her arguing with >> So look, already there's a bunch of different red flags in this particular case. First and foremost, what is described as an argument is an argument that is rapidly escalating to a physical altercation. And of course, this is happening at a summer school. So we're talking about kids that already aren't doing well in school. But it is very important for you to understand that we're also discussing 9th graders moving on to 10th grade. So, these are high schoolers, sophomores. This is who we're discussing. And you have this level of craziness outside of a public school and actually just outside of a public school since it appears that the altercation started within the school. But what you guys might not notice is that one of these things is not like the other. One of these people is not being blurred because they are not a student. This is in fact a mother, the mother of this particular child. And she is going to take this to a whole other level despite the fact that you have school security. >> Other student, a 15-year-old girl in the lavender shirt. Security trying to keep them apart, doing what they can. At first, >> which by the way, very notable for the defund the police types that this is not school security as in an auxiliary unit of the police department. It's just an overweight woman in a black shirt. So behind her, while she's trying to keep this student inside the school, you have the mom demanding the bottle that the daughter is holding. >> But then give me a Stanley. >> Give me your Stanley. That is what you hear the mother of the 15-year-old student telling her daughter. And watch what happens next. 35-year-old Tony Monroe in the yellow tank top begins to pummel 14-year-old Madison. Security calling for backup, but unable to stop the injury. So, I had to use freeze frames right here because of course YouTube will hit this video if I show you any instances of violence. But I actually think the freeze frame is absolutely crucial right here because you can see this security guard who again is not a police officer because we had to remove those from schools because, you know, defund the police and the police are evil, white, and racist. standing aside as this mother is pumbling this 14-year-old girl in the head with one of those Stanley cups, which is being described as a metal bottle throughout the course of all the different reports that I find. And yeah, this is one of the problems when you decide to replace your actual police, people with authority and skills in order to deal with violence to this scale with regular ordinary people in just a regular black shirt that obviously can't handle this situation. While she's standing aside and calling for backup, this girl is getting pummeled. And you could see by this image of her in this interview that her head was split open by said water bottle. Again, absolute madness right here. Completely inappropriate and inexcusable behavior from the mother. Obviously, that should go without saying. But of course, we also have to take note of the fact that this is defund the police in action right here. Remember, the first thing that they targeted in New York City was the units of officers that were in public schools because it was kind of evil, white, and racist that those officers were more disproportionately in black majority schools, even though this is what happens in said schools. >> He had to give me 17 stitches. >> 17 stitches. >> Yes. >> So, this girl needed 17 stitches to repair the gash in her head. 17 stitches is what this girl, who again was in summer school, a high schooler, a freshman turning into a sophomore, had to get in order to deal with the damage from this assault. While the woman in black, the overweight security guard, was still calling for backup. >> Today in court, Tony Monroe facing the judge, her lawyer insisting it was Monroe's daughter who was being bullied. In fact, that's why she was here at the Brentwood High School for a meeting about it. Monroe's family saying nothing to reporters as they left the courthouse. >> So, look, this woman is on video assaulting a 14-year-old girl. So, make no mistake about it. I have no mercy in my heart for her. But let's be honest, they did her dirty by dressing her up like this, doing her hair like this, and presenting her before a judge like this because she looks like a crackhead right there. Like, I mean, come on. Look at her look showing up into the courtroom with the charges that she decided to beat a 14-year-old girl over the head with the bottle. And of course, you have the defense attorney, which again, we give breaks to the defense attorney because they have to draw some kind of mechanism of defense for the people that they're advocating for. They're not seeking truth. They're seeking the best possible outcome for their client. But the defense attorney is making the case that the girl who got bashed over the head was actually the bully in this particular case. Therefore, something something the mom could take a bottle and bash a 14-year-old over the head. Now, I don't even dispute this. I actually think based on the video that the girl that got hit over the head was definitely an active participant in the fight with the other 14-year-old girl. There's a reason she was being held back. But an adult, a mother, taking a weapon and attacking a child is wildly inexcusable. And of course, her family doesn't want to make comments about this. They find this incredibly embarrassing. But I also want to remind you of the fact that the girl should be charged too because she participated in this double assault on this girl where she ended up needing 17 stitches as a result of that. Again, embarrassing. And when you realize that this is the parent, this is the mother. This is the person that is supposed to guide her to make her into a successful functioning member of society. and she is asking for something of hers to use as a weapon in order to settle a dispute for a child. You know that that other 14-year-old girl who was on the attacker side doesn't have a chance. But again, poor family structure is not just a feature of the attackers. It's also a feature of the victim who again just prior to being the victim was fully ready to engage in a fight with the other girl. But after the chaos of this fight, >> as a mom, you're supposed to diffuse the situation and take your daughter away to see what's going on instead of attacking a kid with a cup. >> Madison's guardian telling us the video speaks volumes. >> So, you have this lady right here who says, "As a mom, you're supposed to diffuse the situation." And obviously, that's not what occurred. And then we hear from Madison's guardian because it appears that Madison does not actually have a mother or anybody in her life other than this person who is her legal guardian. Because again, this all involves poor family structure, bad decisions in the raising of these children ended up leading to a situation where they're ready to fight, ready to scrap in a high school. The only thing that makes this situation extra unique is that you have a mother participating in that strike. We have an example of the bad decisions in real time that led her daughter to be this way in this actual engagement. But of course, this girl Madison, the victim in this particular case, she also has bad family structure and she was popping off at the beginning of the video just as much as the other girl. >> She could have died. >> Anything could have happened to her more than just being hit over the head and having 17 stitches. Now again, the guardian in this particular case is speaking the truth. This could have been worse. She could have died. Again, she was being bashed over the head with a metal object while another individual was attacking her. Of course, it was a 35-year-old woman that was doing the bashing. And this is wildly inappropriate. This is wildly outside the norm. Completely unacceptable, and we should expect serious criminal charges. And again, a serious criminal conviction as a consequence of this behavior. However, it's New York, so I wouldn't hold my breath. >> Monroe has no prior criminal history, but she's now facing two felony counts for seconddegree assault and endangering the welfare of a child. The judge released her with GPS monitoring. He also issued an order of protection. Now, look, you guys can argue about whether or not bail is appropriate for this particular case, but I will just point out that because it's New York, we end up in a situation where we get a same day automatic release or next day automatic release in this particular case with GPS monitoring. Now, of course, the mother has no previous known criminal history to the courts at this moment in time, so that could factor in to whether or not you're going to release her on her own recgnissance. But to me, when you take a weapon and mercilessly attack a child at a school, maybe, just maybe, we're going to charge you something in order to keep you in jail for a little while to make sure you return to court. Maybe, just maybe, we're not just going to drop a little ankle monitor on you and hope that everything's all right. But, of course, I want to know what you guys think about this down in the comments below. What do you think about the fact that they didn't have officers in this Icelip school running security? Instead, they had some overweight woman wearing a black t-shirt. What do you think about the mother actually physically assaulting this child on behalf of her child? And what do you think about the prior allegations of bullying? And of course, what we see on the video where the victim was definitely actively seeking out a fight with the daughter of the woman who ultimately ended up physically assaulting her. All your thoughts down in the comments below. As per usual, if you like this video, show them by leaving a like. Subscribe for more content. Follow me on my social medias. Support me via the support links in the description of this video. This has been me talking about a mother who tried to kill another child at US high school. Till next time.