One thing you can always count on with Disney, if there's an IP out there with even a hint of gas left in the tank, they will ride that thing until the wheels fall off and probably keep going for several more miles, leaving a trail of sparks and flaming wreckage in their wake. And two of the biggest IPs to fall under their dark influence during the Fox merger were Aliens and Predator. Both icons of pop culture that boast at least uh two good movies each. And well, we've already seen how that turned out for aliens. Get away from her. You [ __ ] Predator, though, is a bit more complicated. The surprise success of Prey on Disney Plus, and damn, man, they must have regretted not giving that one a theatrical release seems to have convinced them that there's plenty more mileage to be gotten out of the Predator franchise. And so the floodgates have opened and the sludge is in full flow. Case in point, Predator Badlands, an upcoming standalone movie from Dan Tractenberg, the same guy who directed Prey. The first teaser dropped a few days ago and everyone was a buzz about one thing. Okay, look. I know that appearances can be deceptive, and sometimes the VFX are a bit unfinished in shots like this and blah blah blah, but holy [ __ ] was this a mistake? How is it that a high-profile movie made in 2025 somehow looks less convincing than a mid-budget sci-fi action flick from the 1980s? I mean, just take a moment to look at the original Predator from 1987. Look how much detail there is here. Look at the droplets of water on its skin. The complex markings and patterns across its face. The deep set eyes that are barely visible. The jaw mandibles moving and twitching. The long tentacles hanging down around its heads. It's an incredible piece of creature design and complex animatronics that's just as iconic and alien and terrifying as the xenomorphs were. Then look at old Lumpy here from Badlands. It looks like something that just wandered in from the set of Star Trek Deep Space 9. The skin's all rubbery and out of focus. There's no surface detail or droplets of water or smears of dirt or anything at all to indicate that this thing is actually physically present. Also, why in the name of holy [ __ ] does it have a side shave? I mean, you understand that those things growing out of the side of the predator's head aren't actually hair that can be cut and styled like human hair, right? Showing it in broad daylight was also the worst possible decision because every visual flaw and shortcoming is exposed for the whole world to see. Look, I'm under no illusions about the original prosthetic either, right? There's a very obvious reason why movie monsters like this and the xenomorphs are usually shown in darkness. All those shadows and pale moonlight help to hide the moving parts, disguise the fact that it's basically just a stunt man in a rubber suit, and make the whole thing look a whole lot more intimidating than it probably was. That's fine. It's part of the magic of film making, and it worked. Filmmakers back then understood the visual limitations of the tools they were working with and found ways to enhance them instead of undermining them. Anyway, I digress. Let's talk about the trailer itself. The plot, as far as I understand it, is that a young predator has been banished from his home world for being [ __ ] or something and ends up on some remote planet where he teams up with a whale and Utani android to take down the biggest, baddest monster in the area to prove himself worthy of a place amongst his own people again. In a nutshell, the Predator is now the protagonist of the movie this time around. It's a bold strategy, Cotton. Let's see if it pays off for him. I mean, I'll at least give them credit for doing something a bit different with this one. There's only so many times you can pit a group of guys with guns against a lone predator that kills them off one by one while they slowly come to grips with the enemy that they're facing. And conceptually, it's a neat idea to mix things up a little and flip the dynamic here. I'm just not entirely convinced that an 8-ft tall monster whose entire vocabulary consists of and [ __ ] happens is the kind of protagonist that audiences are likely to get behind. Also, and this could be just a personal thing, but I'm not sure I want to know more about the predators as a species. I don't really want to know what their society or their home world looks like or how they interact with each other or what they get up to in their spare time. Much like the xenomorphs, their fascination always lay in their mystique. Yeah, the movies would drop little hints about larger events in a more complex social structure, but we were still mostly kept in the dark about them, and that was unquestionably a good thing. As I've said many times before, questions like this are usually way more interesting and compelling than any answers a filmmaker could give. Just ask Ridley Scots. The attempt to merge this movie with the Alien franchise is another red flag for me because every time these two IPs have tried to crossbreed, the results have ranged from mediocre slop to painfully bad to downright baffling. The connection here is Thea, a Wayland Utani android from an unknown time period in the Alien franchise who seems to have ended up on the same planet as the big lads, right? It's too early to tell what her function in the story is or why she's actually here, but I can't shake the horrifying feeling that her presence is laying the groundwork for another Alien versus Predator movie or, God help us, an entire cinematic universe of this crap. Oh man. Oh god. Oh man. The one point of light at the end of the tunnel here is Dan Tractenberg, who's pulling writing and directing duties this time around after his work on Prey. That movie might not have been perfect, but it was a decent stab at doing something slightly different with the Predator franchise. And although I think people cut it way more slack than it probably deserved, it was still miles better than the loose collection of lazy callbacks and cheap nostalgia bait that we got in Alien Romulus. The reason I bring all this up is that Prey also suffered from a pretty underwhelming trailer that people were quick to dismiss as a typical Disney girl boss sludgefest, only for the movie itself to turn out way better than expected. So, I don't want to write Bad Lands off completely here. It could still turn out to be a decent addition to the franchise, but man, I think it's about time we accepted that we're never going to recapture the magic of the 1987 original, and anything we get now is just a pale imitation of stuff that's already been done far better. But trust me, as long as there's anything remotely left to be milked out of this franchise, Disney will find a way to make it happen. Oh yeah, and just a heads up that we're down to the last few days on our Kickstarter campaign for Trial by Fire. The response has been absolutely amazing, and we've raised over a quarter of a million pounds already, and now that we're on the home straight, we're pushing hard to reach as many of our stretch goals as possible. I know everyone's already been super generous, but if you're still thinking about becoming a backer, then now is probably the time to act. As always, the link is in the description, and I'll leave the rest up to you. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.