[Music] What's up, geeks and gamers? It's Jeremy coming to you with another video. And today we're talking about Chris Pratt because Chris Pratt being a big star in Hollywood and he has opinions that don't perfectly line up with what the leftist narrative would want him to say. And that's a big problem because of course that's how it always goes. Some of you may be wondering where have I been? Why have I not been uploading videos? And if you're interested in that, I'll talk about it at the end of this video. But 90% of you don't give a [ __ ] about that. You just want to hear about the topic that I have provided. So, we're going to get right into that. So, Chris Pratt appeared on the Bill Maher uh podcast and he's having a conversation with Bill Maher. And he has what most people will sit here and say are very levelheaded opinions on this. And I think most people are going to agree with him. But you do have the Hollywood leftist mindset that are going to lose their minds because Chris Pratt didn't say what the left wants him to say. So let's listen to this comment right here. >> In politics, you you inherit enemies and when you jump on in in on, you know, the the bandwagon with who is, you know, the most divisive president ever, it makes sense that you're going to be uh made to look terrible. And so I don't know what to believe cuz I >> So now, first of all, he's talking about uh RFK Jr. being part of the Trump administration. I would disagree with Chris Pratt that Trump is the most divisive president ever. In fact, Donald Trump is the most popular president that we've ever seen and we've ever had. And he's also the most unifying president that we've ever had. Now, do [ __ ] mentally ill people hate him? Sure they do. And I don't care about them. They don't mean anything to me. Their opinions don't mean anything to me. Their tears don't mean anything to me. Their outrage doesn't mean anything to me. So, no, Donald Trump is absolutely not the most divisive president ever. Barack Hussein Obama might be the most divisive. Or Joe Biden, Mr. 81 million votes, he might be the most divisive, but it certainly is not President Trump. I understand Chris Pratt is walking a fine line right now. Totally respect that. But I just wanted to say for the record, Donald Trump is absolutely not the most divisive president. Not even close. He's the most popular president and the most unifying president that we have ever had. >> It's not like I sit with Bobby and I go, "So, hey, let's talk about this. Let's talk about" It's like we're just playing cards or playing mafia or having fun or having dinner. I'm not going to pick his brain to find out exactly which of those things are true. I just kind of assume that none of them are. And for the most part, I wish him well, man. I hope there's certain uh things that he uh oversees that seem to be supported in a bipartisan way, like getting terrible toxic stuff out of our kids' food. I think that's a great thing. And so just if you just do that, that's amazing. I I'd hate to be so mired in hatred for the president that any success from his administration is something I'd be have an allergic reaction to to be like, "Oh, well, if they do it, I don't want it to happen. I'll feed my I'll put Clorox in my children's cereal myself." >> You know, it's like, come on, have some be reasonable here. There's certain things that would be a good thing to have. I want them all to be successful. >> And and yeah, and this is a really good answer from Chris Pratt. And again, he's walking a line. He knows he's walking a line and he's done a really good job of trying to stay out of politics for the most part. Even though everybody kind of understood where Chris Pratt was politically, he just stays out of it, which is exactly what actors should do for the most part. And so there's going to be a a small portion of people that are going to uh you know have a mental breakdown over this, but those people don't matter. And and we've learned how much they don't matter. And so I'm really glad that Chris Pratt said this that Park Place covered this. Uh Chris Pratt defends Trump administration and RFK Jr. Bill Maher joins in shocking agreement. Um, and yeah, I mean, you know, Pratt pushes back on hatred of politic on hatred politics, appearing on Bill Mars Club random podcast. Pratt rejected the idea of the opposition to Trump uh should be uh mean rooting for his failure and everything he says is right about this. I mean, clearly like, all right, so James Gunn and and Chris Pratt probably disagree on everything politically, but they still have a good working relationship. And this is what we really need to get back to um within whatever it is, Hollywood or or anything for that matter, is that we have to stop this mindset that everybody has to agree with you about everything. That's just not how the real world operates. And for the last decade, we've had this leftist mindset where they feel like everybody has to agree with us and if they don't agree with this, then we have to cast them out and banish them or whatever. I don't care. Like I listen to people that I disagree with politically a lot and it's fine. It's it doesn't mean that they're the worst people in the world. I disagree with them um big time. Now in terms of like the people that are just screeching with TDS, like those people I like to make fun of. Those people absol absolutely deserve to be mocked and shamed. People like Mark Hamill, uh you know, Chris Evans, uh Rob Reiner, those people, they're nuts and they deserve to be roasted. But a lot of these people just have different opinions and there's nothing wrong with that. So I'm glad that Chris Pratt is kind of bringing that kind of levelheaded discussion back into the fold at least potentially. Um and it was nice to see. So I I was happy to see that. So good on Chris Pratt. I mean Chris Pratt is one of the biggest stars in Hollywood. And while stars are not as relevant as they used to be and once people like you know Tom Cruz are not making films anymore which hopefully that's still a long ways away even though he's getting older he's still amazing but we don't have mega movie stars anymore and we probably won't have mega movie stars anymore. However, Chris Pratt in a different time would probably be a Tom Cruz level star in this age if we weren't so hive mind in Hollywood. Same with Henry Caval. Henry Caval should be one of the biggest stars in Hollywood right now. Um, look how much he's loved by the fans. Look how much the roles he's been in, people have, uh, you know, been so connected to, but yet we get Pedro Pascal cast and everything right now. So, I mean, it's just it's a weird dynamic. And if you would have had so like if you would have had someone like Chris Pratt and again we've seen him we've seen him in Guardians of the Galaxy we saw him in the Mario movie massive successes Jurassic Park, Jurassic World, whatever. But if you have a focus on that and just who do the fans want? Who do the fans connect to? Forget the idea of diversity or these quotas or representation and just like who do the people want to see? And they want to see Chris Pratt. They want to see Henry Caval. They want to see other people. There's Denzel Washington of the world. I know he's getting older, but he's one of the most legendary actors of all time. And you know, who do the audience want to see? They want to see the people that are willing to do a good job, have a connections with the character, and have respect for the source material. This isn't rocket science at all, but Hollywood continues to, you know, complicate that. So, in terms of where I've been and what I've been up to, I mean, obviously, I have not uploaded on this channel much, and I do apologize for the lack of content. I know most people don't watch the live streams, even though our live streams do very well, whether it be Geeks and Gamers Daily or our gaming streams over on Geeks and Gamers Play or my personal streams over on my D-Day Cobra channel. Uh, a lot of people don't have time to sit there and watch two, threeh hour live streams. And so, they've a lot of people have kind of been out of the loop as to where have I been, what's been going on. And personally, like I just kind of got tired of chasing the Hollywood algorithm [ __ ] on YouTube, you know? Like I just got tired of it. Um, it got old to me. YouTube in general, the the game that you have to play on YouTube with playing the algorithm and putting the right thumbnail and getting the right title and changing the title and changing the thumbnail if the video is not performing. It became exhausting to me. I I became exhausted with the whole process. I'm also burnt out on worrying about uh the latest woke Hollywood project, whether it be a TV show or a film or whatever. I I don't care. Um I don't care about what's going on with Marvel. I don't care about what's going on with Lucasfilm. I just don't care. I I've I've turned my attention to other things. I I there's a lot of good TV shows out there that I've been watching and catching up on. I just I've been doing a few reviews over on Criticus. Uh if you guys have not, you can go over to Criticus. Uh and they have a great app. Uh but right here, I've been putting a lot of the stuff that I've been watching over here on Criticless. Um what's the most recent thing that I reviewed? War of the Worlds, which was terrible. But Animal Kingdom, Animal Kingdom is something that I thought was extremely awesome. Um I gave it a nine out of 10, 90% over there. Um Animal Kingdom was very good. And uh right now I'm watching Peiquey Blinders. Just started watching that and uh it's a very good show and I just want to focus on things like that. I've been playing a lot of video games. Uh a lot of my gaming streams on D-Day Cobra Gaming or Geese and Gamers Play. I've been playing a lot of Mario Kart World. Uh we just played Battlefield 6 beta which was awesome. I play Fortnite and looking forward to more games coming out. But I need to do a better job of communicating with everyone over here as to what's going on with me. And there's a lot of channels that'll continue to cover those things and a lot of those guys are my friends and I think that content is needed. I'm just personally burned out on it. I don't care. I also got tired of chasing the the views on YouTube. Do I need the views? Yes. Do I need the money to run this business? Absolutely. But if I don't care, I can't pretend that I care. Every video that I made on this channel over the last several years was because of something I cared about. You can say it's stupid to care about it if you want and that's fine, but I cared about the things that I talked about on this channel. I thought that change would happen within Star Wars if enough fans voiced their displeasure. And after The Rise of Skywalker, it was clear that Lucasfilm's never going to listen to the fans. They don't give a [ __ ] Marvel's never going to listen to the fans. Disney completely checked out. Um, so the things that I talked about, I I when I made those videos, I cared about the things that I was talking about. And now I don't care about those things in the same way. I care about 1980s G.I. Joe and early 90s G.I. Joe. I do still care about Nintendo. I am a Nintendo fan and I am have a Nintendo Switch and I follow the Nintendo news. I'm way into gaming right now. Um, following all of the news in the gaming world. And so with the YouTube side of things, if you're a YouTuber, you know this, but YouTube essentially, they give you a breakdown of your last 10 videos. And when you upload a new video, YouTube tells you how your most recent video is performing versus your previous 10 videos. And it's either performing at a one out of 10 and it puts you in a good mood or you're performing at a 10 out of 10 and it puts you in a bad mood and you're freaking out and you're stressing out. And I got really tired of that. If you watch what I've done over on the D-Day Cobra channel, I often don't title my streams anything but Cobracast 199. I'm not playing the algorithm. I just put a meme thumbnail and a title. Cobracast 199. Now, there's certain times where if I know what I'm talking about or there is a specific news item, then I will specifically upload that so that I'm informing the audience. But 90% of the time, I just title it Cobracast 199 because I don't care about playing the algorithm. It's important. It gets you views, but I can't pretend to care about that [ __ ] anymore. as much as it it's needed to run the business with all of the projects that we have in the works and the things that I need to fund. I I just I'm burned out on playing that game. So, I will make videos for this channel. I'm not going to chase the algorithm and I'm not going to chase uh the latest news. I'm not going to be ambulance chasing necessarily. I did it with this Chris Pratt topic because it's something that I cared about. It's Chris Pratt being a conservative in Hollywood and talking about, you know, his experience with being friends with RFK, who's part of the Trump administration, and I thought he made very interesting points, so it was relevant to bring up, but I can't pretend to care about the latest woke Hollywood uh project or whatever. I I don't I don't care at all. Woke Hollywood's going to be woke Hollywood. They're going to continue to push out [ __ ] and I I'm going to not care about it because I don't think that they're they will change when they absolutely have to change. But it's not because of the fans. It's not because of the frustration. It's not because of our voices. It's because the bottom line will dry up. And it will dry up. And it has dried up in a lot of ways. I mean, Star Wars is essentially dead at this point. And it has been for a long time. Marvel is really really on the they're they're in the final stretches of having to realize that they have become Disney Star Wars, but there's a lot of cool stuff out there that I'm interested in that I like that I want to talk about and it's not going to be as algorithm friendly, but ultimately it's going to be something I want to talk about. So, you'll see more of me on this channel if you're interested. I'll cover controversial stuff when I think it's necessary or when I'm interested in it, but I can't be what I've been for the last several years on this channel, ambulance chasing and all of that. I just can't. Um maybe I will turn the corner and get back to that, but but I'm just not interested and I haven't been for several months. And there's been things that I wanted to talk about with the James Gun Superman because all honesty like as frustrating as that movie was to me, wokeness was not part of the discussion or my frustration with James Gun Superman. And that's the conversations I like to get back to. And I wish I would have made more videos on James Gun Superman because like I said, I didn't like the movie. I didn't like it at all. But at least the conversation was about the movie and we were having nerd discussions and nerd arguments over it. And that is the best thing I can say and that's ultimately what I want to see from a lot of these stuff uh the stuff that we have coming out right now. But I mean I'm looking forward to getting further into Peiquey Blinders. I loved Cobra Kai. I thought it ended wonderfully. They did such a great job. Um I've been pretty happy with the release of the Nintendo Switch 2. However, I think Nintendo is having that Nintendo better drop some big news or even though they broke the records for the biggest release in video game history, I think if Nintendo doesn't have a big announcement uh in the next month or two, I think they could be in some serious trouble and we're going to have to see. And I probably should make more videos breaking some of that down and my thoughts on that. Or maybe I'll just talk about G.I. Joe's. I don't know. But anyway, if you've hung around this long, I do appreciate it. I thank you so much. And um I hope you guys have a good evening. It's good to be back making videos. Uh leave a comment. Let me know what you think about all this. Have a great day. And we will talk to all of you later. [Music]