It is becoming more and more apparent that the uh problems that I've been pointing out regarding YouTube and how it's been changing these past year to now two years has been getting confirmed and noticed by far more creators on the platform. Overall, the the the channel's been very on the struggle bus lately, which Luke and I were talking about earlier. Um especially especially very lately. Um, yeah, even land show today, it's like about three quarters. Yeah, threequarters of what it would normally be. Something's a bit weird on YouTube, more so than usual. I mean, it started back on August 13th when they dropped a new AI update and my Ninja Guiden ragebound fully ramblatic that came out that very day saw unusually low views. Like, it didn't crack 100k for over a week. That was unheard of for my stuff. So, over the past month or so, I have noticed some very weird things going on with YouTube. Not just with my channel, but also channels I follow. And recently, over the past couple of days, a lot of content creators have confirmed some of my suspicions. They have come out and talked about major problems going on with their channels. And these are content creators from all different types of backgrounds and sizes where they're reporting very low viewership on their videos. like very unusual patterns involving views on videos for whatever reason. On on August 1st, even talking about Assassin's Creed and stuff, it all just like the faucet just stopped. And after I reviewed everything I was doing, I was like, "Okay, I don't feel like it's me. Let me start reaching out to other YouTubers to see if they're feeling the same way." And sure as [ __ ] it was across the board. And it's only gotten worse. In order for YouTube to function, this is how it has to go. Sometimes it's going to make mistakes. Uh but hopefully it doesn't make mistakes constantly. And hopefully it doesn't make mistakes that are so large and inconsistent and confusing that it over the entire platform, which is what we're seeing now. Uh it has affected us now. Yeah, there's lots of comments under the video from big YouTubers much bigger than us and they're all saying, "Yeah, I'm seeing the same thing." So, this is pretty widely affecting big channels that you watch. You may be missing videos of theirs and you've been completely unaware because this is something that was implemented without really notifying anyone. It's pretty much beyond any doubt now that there YouTube has mechanics to influence channels positively or negatively. But what's been happening recently is that everyone is getting and this isn't even like uh you know shad diversity complaining about falling off which he's been he has been complaining about that for years and maybe he has been had his thumb placed on the scale maybe YouTube is actively him possibly maybe he's an oversaturated market because that's often the counterargument right but I think the counterargument has now lost basically all steam because everyone one and I do mean Lionus Tech Tips is like my channel is being ruined. He's huge. If he is suddenly like, "Oh god, I'm I'm getting I can literally tell you the months that the algorithms changed because not only did I confuse very abruptly, but my metrics on engagement are all the exact same, but I have several other people that I know in my YouTube communities. A lot of them saw drastic drastic cuts in views both in uh September or October of 2023 and then uh what like four or five months ago. Both of those times something changed in the algorithm to prioritize the homepage showing less of people you subscribe to and more of just whatever search term you were last looking at. And as a result, everybody has seen a massive hit in viewership from their own subscribers. And you will constantly get comments from people who are like, "Whoa, I haven't had you show up and recommend it in over a year. I thought you quit." You see, when YouTube makes changes like this, it rolls out slowly, rolling out in only specific regions at a time and affecting certain types of content at a time. And the larger channels that are getting like millions of views per video, they will take far longer to feel the effects of such changes. But now, especially in the last week, they really have been noticing where the uh changes in how YouTube recommends videos, how it does not care about subscribers and what you know viewers are saying they want to see and is more following a uh kind of popular Tik Tok trend kind of algorithm has been affecting heaps of channels. So many have come out just in the last week saying what the heck is going on now because this has been affecting us for over a year. Exact same things that we've been saying because we're not the only channel that's facing this. I mentioned in the last video other channels have been reporting on this and since making that video many have actually reached out to me commenting not just content creators because yeah Tyler Tube mentioned it and he mentions that there's been this weird change with other channels as well. other channels reaching out to me. Baggage claim posted on Twitter saying, "What's going on? My content hasn't changed. Views have gone off a cliff. Clownfish TV has been reporting on this." That traffic to independent websites through Google has been dying. And so, this isn't just happening to Shadowver, even though it is detrimentally affecting us in a big way. YouTube is clearly recommending different content that I'm not interested in. like on my home feed and so many people have reported this by the way weird recommendations of videos that have barely any views that you have no interest in and I've been flooded with that of content that just are not interested in watching or viewing. So clearly YouTube is recommending different content to different viewers deprioritizing recommendations on our content and others. Look at me pointing out that it's affecting the niche channels there. And it's the exact same type of things where YouTube is not recommending your videos to your subscribers and subscribers and what viewers say they want to see are becoming more and more irrelevant in YouTube's mind. That has just been growing, becoming more of a problem. These changes would have already killed off our channel completely if it wasn't for our supporters. And we mean that genuinely. Our viewer support which is through channel memberships, Patreon and Subscribe Star now constitutes 75% of our revenue. That's in conjunction with the fact we've been able to sustain, you know, that creator viewer support as well as the fact that ad revenue has been going so low that it's comprising less of our overall revenue because it's drying up to unbelievable apocalyptic levels. It is becoming the absolute reality that if you the viewer wants to see the content that you like and wants to ensure that that content can still be get made going into the future, that content you love is completely reliant on viewership support. Now that that is the reality. So many channels have come out and spelled out this is the only way that they will be able to continue making the content. And so if you like the content, and so many of our viewers have uh showed up and supported because like I said, it's literally saved our bacon, right? It's the only way we're able to do it. Now, does that mean things are smooth sailing? Well, no, because that 30%, you know, ad revenue is still important and that's going lower and lower and lower. And the only way that we're able to survive is if we can get that viewership support to make up the difference. And for us, we make exclusive content for our viewers where it's only $1 a month and you get our weekly exclusive content and you can do the $1 through subscribe style, Patreon, channel memberships. YouTube takes 30%. 30% of all the channel memberships. That's a large chunk uh when you know the processes go through. And so if you want to help us out, Patreon, they take 10% much less. Subscribe Star is honestly the best. they take like 3%. So, if you're looking for a way to support your favorite creators, for us, Subscribe Star hands down is the best. And it might not seem like a lot to some and for others it might seem like a chunk. We know people are doing it hard. And that's why we are so so grateful for every dollar that every one of our our supporters contribute. It means the world. And for those that think it isn't that much, genuinely that is what's saving us. And so if you're able to just give $1 a month, and that's $12 in the whole year, that's all it takes. That makes us sustainable. And that has saved our bacon completely. But as YouTube continues to get worse, we still need that support, especially if you want to grow this and make even better content and more exclusive content for you. So genuinely with how bad things are, I'm going to talk about it with Tyrant with how bad things really are getting what we've been seeing in this last week and on other channels and everything. It is your support that enables you to get the content that you love. And so if you like this content, sword content, long form deep dives, reviews where we really test things out, that $1 a month, genuinely, if any of you are in a position to do so, I can't express the level of gratitude we have for it and how much I would encourage you to consider signing up and supporting us. So, what has actually been going on? Well, Tyrant, I'm also here. He's been here the whole time. shocking movie magic. Amazing. Yeah. So, things have not been good to put it mildly. Uh, and usually Shad would handle these sorts of videos and that's fine, you know, but in this particular case things are really bad and specifically in the last 5 days things have gone from you know things have not been the best for the last let's say year and a half let's say something like that. In the last 5 days we have managed to survive. Can I could jump on this because one of the common reactions from critics and this has been going against like other YouTubers that point out saying something's really wrong, right? Their haters come out and say, "You've just fallen off." Well, that that's why I was going to differentiate because obviously things have been on a bit of a decline for the last year and a half at this point. And I I remember we pinpointed it roughly to around 2024's Christmas time. Something just kind of clicked and things went really down. And then since then it's kind of been a bit of a struggle but we have been getting along with you know not good views but at least well somewhat reasonable at times good views. Good views. And this is the um the thing that contradicts anyone who wants to say there's no audience for this anymore. People have fallen off or anything like that. If that was the case well 3 months ago we had a video nearly reach like it's just shy of a million views. last month, right, where we knuckled down and we've made some of the best videos that we possibly could. And I talked to Tren. Tyran said, "Let's try and focus on quality, make some of the best videos we can, right? And let me let me uh go through some of the uh the views." And something is interesting to point out in regards to this. Even with how bad things are going with the deprioritization of long- form sword content, you can go back to our video sword content is dead, where we point out these are some problems. This is the trend of where things are going and that exact trend is now hitting more YouTubers than ever, right? We po we called this months ago, right? But even with those issues, we have knuckled down and tried our best. And we had a game plan in that video. That's where we launched our exclusive content, right? And that has literally been the thing that has saved our bacon. Like if it wasn't for us rolling with the punches, adapting, trying to survive, this channel would be dead. and gone. Yeah, that like and I'm not I'm not being hyperbolic when I say that. Like it would be dead if it wasn't for our supporters, but even with all those problems, we've had the occasional videos that have done all right. In actual fact, last month was one of our better months, but even then, let me show you some of the views. So, going back to when we reacted to the Unsubscribe Guy podcast, right? Nearly 80,000 views. Good video. Okay. Video right after that, 24,000 views. after that nearly 100,000 views. The video after thatund near 150,000 views. Really good. Oh, there's no audience for this anymore, Tyrant. You know, they've just left or or we've alienated our audience or the people just don't like sword content. 150,000 views, then 100,000 views, 27,000 views, right? 120,000, 35,000. Are we seeing a pattern here, Tyrant? I would also encourage other people to look at maybe some of your other favorite YouTubers and see kind of a similar pattern. You'll see good views then all of a sudden it just plummet there. There is no consistency again after that 68,000 views not and then uh we come to this week where suddenly everything has died and these are some some great videos genuinely. The spike shield video it's one of my favorite it's it's damn funny. Ton and I have a great time. But this week 25,000, sorry, it goes 19,000 25,000 16,000. So this week is why this week is why we're making this video. So we're talking we've spoken about the general trends. You've made videos about that before. That's what those past videos about. And it's still an issue. The fact that it is so inconsistent. It used to be that if you had a certain subscriber amount, right, you could generally rely on a certain amount of views per video. Now it like there's no security or reliability in any video. And the videos that did poorly, some of them, in my opinion, are way better than the videos that did great. Ty doesn't even like the video that got a million views. No, I don't like it. Yeah, that's funny. Yeah. Um uh so the last 5 days have been interesting. Now, this is not just a us thing. I've This is why we're making this video cuz we've seen other creators as well. nothing to do with swords, completely different niches, nothing to do with uh politics, just across the board, huge varying subscriber counts. Uh couple off the top of my head, if you look at some views, I've seen uh the Linus Tech Tips, they spoke about it. I've seen uh you know, if you look at Medatron, Metatron obviously friend of the channel, his views are really low at the moment. Uh there's a couple of creators who I'm not personally familiar with who've also made videos saying their views are down. and Demian his gaming and then like long um like video game essay channels as well. uh like the quartering has mentioned this as well his politics and I've multiple tweets from multiple people like this is a problem that is now affecting everyone on the platform like most people there's a few people that are kind of like in they're surviving at the moment like I said like if you're a really large channel you're kind of inoculated a little bit well uh I'm my personal channel as well I've noticed this in the last 5 days views have created from where they are should have been or should have been because of the subject matter and I'm going to make my own video on it because it's this dire to talk about and funnily enough like I've been thinking about this and I just don't know what the future holds if YouTube is going to pull these sorts of shenanigans like these this is not uh this is not you know kind of views are down things are not good it's a general trend this is like overnight views have tanked to the point where us just sitting here making this video costs more money than the video will make. That type of red alert type situation. And to put this into perspective right my channel is nearly 2 years old at this point. Mhm. I have never taken down a video before. Maybe one, you know, it came out of the gate, didn't do well. In the last month alone, I've taken down five. Gosh, I have never done that before. Now to have to do that near literally nearly every second video. That is ins. That's not sustainable. Now, now the reason why YouTube says that a poorly performing video will not affect your future uh videos performance. That's [ __ ] That's bull crap. That's a lie. That that is not true at all. We know that's not true. We know that's not true. We know from experience that when you have a video creator, that slows momentum, right? And fewer recommendations go out to the video after. And what we what we're very very certain on, we'll put it that way, is if you have a really good performing video, the next video will crater. No matter what the video is, like all your recommendations get sucked from that from that one upload. It really feels like genuinely that YouTube has an arbitrary system, whether it's algorithmic or even manual, where it says we will the the system will only give a certain amount of of recommendations, impressions to each channel. like you you are only going to get a million impressions. And by the way, an impression the conversion is like usually it's between 10 to 15 impressions usually equates to one view. Uh that's the conversion. What's bonkers is that I have videos that have a much better conversion based on impression. like 10 impressions to one view and they get half the impressions as to other videos which is like 15 impressions to one view and they have half a million views because YouTube decides to arbitrarily push videos that do not perform as well and we don't know why it chooses that but uh the system is completely so to kind of summarize what's been happening for the last couple of years things have been on a downward trend uh obviously subscriber for for niche content specifically there there's a number of channels that haven't felt the and they say, "Oh, it's just your it's just what you're doing. You need to just do better, bro." Or something like that. When it's like, "No, no, we can see the trends, right? Our content is just as good. Our viewership engagement is just as good. And if it suddenly drops, this is not a gradual suddenly drops and out of the blue. That's something in the algorithm that's done that." And YouTube does give us metrics. It gives every creator metrics on this. It says, "We've sent out this many notifications. we've given you this many recommendations, you have this. They give you metrics on all these things. So, when you you you look at a video and it says, "We've only sent out a,000 notifications out of I don't know, just I'm throwing numbers out here, 30,000 notification people who want it." It's like, okay, why haven't you sent out the other 29,000? Like, so this is we have 1.6 million subscribers here. There's a lot of people that would like to get notified of our content. And you know what's depressing, but also hilarious, right? We are getting the lowest amount of impressions that the channel has ever gotten since near the time it was recording analytics. Okay. Yet in contrast, we have some of the highest click-through rates that the channel has ever had. Yeah. Like like it is bonkers. That that means that our content has been improving. People are showing more indication of interest in the content, but YouTube has been showing it to fewer and fewer people. Yeah. So what does this mean? That's a good question for this and the answer is I don't know because I have a theory like well we've seen a lot of creators in random niches you know big small all across the board in the last 5 days we're not talking like 3 months ago a year ago we're talking like in the last 5 days alone that's affecting broader people but I know um niches and genres of content that have been getting hit hard for as long as we have been getting hit the sword long form sword content but D&D channels a lot of the niche channels. I agree. But in the last 5 days, we've seen a apocalyptic a jump off a cliff. It's like all the bad trends that we've been seeing for the last year has just hit home and been ramped up to 11 in this last week. And so that's what I'm more specifically talking about today is this last last week or so where something really really changed. Now, I've seen some people float the idea that YouTube enabled restricted mode and that is like hiding uploads from people. So maybe check your restricted mode. Maybe it's on or something like that. I don't know if I buy like I buy into that, but it is good to check it anyway. It is good to check. I I have a theory on what YouTube's not well subtle and now not so subtle rearrangement of recommendations has been over the past year to two years and now it's really ramped up. And I call it the tick-to-ification of recommendations where I think YouTube has so well slowly and now quite drastically been trying to change recommendations to follow the Tik Tok model which is based off of what the algorithm thinks people will like, not what people tell the algorithm they want to see based on watch history and what they've subscribed to. and that's been being affected by shorts and the the subtle and now extreme changes that have been going on I in broader um conspiracy uh and this is my opinion but I I do kind of wonder about this right so the top tier of creators and that's really anyone who can pull in around 100,000 views you know regularly or even per upload right that constitutes like the top 1% % of all creators on the platform. Okay. Now, everyone knows that they have been getting video recommendations on for videos that are only like in the hundreds of views. That there's been a big push on content that barely has any views at all and a huge drastic deprioritization on what you're subscribed to and established creators. And that's been really hitting your favorite creators really hard, us in particular. Okay. But I think YouTube's logic is this. If they can take away recommendations from that 1% and prioritize it to 99% to the point where that 1%'s views get dropped to around 10 to 20,000 views a video, but if they think, and I think it's going to fail, cuz there's a reason why people are subscribed to people and why certain videos don't get views, but they push all these other videos. And if they think they can get that 99% to 10,000 to 20,000 views a video, they will multiply the viewership on YouTube by hundreds of times, right? A and and and there's a subtle, I think, almost um penicious effect from this because if a if a creator builds a large audience that they're really invested and dedicated in watching that creator, that gives the creator power. And I don't think YouTube likes that. I don't think YouTube liked that people like PewDiePie could criticize them and reach millions of people. That could affect how YouTube is perceived and people's desires to watch it. And there have been creators who have gotten such a large audience that they have successfully migrated off of YouTube and took their audience with them. I don't know if I agree with it just because we have so many large creators at the moment like those ones like uh Moist Critical, right? Like they just bring in so many views no matter what, right? algorithm change, platform, nothing affects them. So, I just don't know if I agree with it. I think only a few will survive like that. I think it would affect most. And for most users on the platform, they think it's great because they might go from getting 100 views to a,000 views and that's a boost. But they might not realize that the system is now being structured that you will never break higher than that. That that everyone is going to be almost limited to 1,000 to 20,000 views on average. And the people who wanted the dream of becoming a creator that could make a career out of that, that's by the way 1,000 to 20,000 views is impossible to sustain a career on like you. It doesn't bring in enough revenue. If you do daily uploads and stuff like that maybe maybe uh but to improve production value, to have employees to actually build a business out of, that's impossible. And it would be impossible for us if not for our supporters. It's only our supporters that have enabled us to survive. Uh but for most people who are thinking of the dream, they might see a boost and think that's good, but they don't realize that it seems like YouTube is being engineered to prevent any higher growth from that. They'll get the occasional video that might get 50,000 to 100,000 views. And I've seen that and then every other video is still completely tanking in the 1,000 kind of view range. show. I have two points to bring up. And the first one is usually on these sorts of videos. Uh because of how they're structured, paradoxically, they do well. Yeah. Because it's drama. It's drama. People click on it immediately when they see it, which tells YouTube, yes, send it out into the world. So rather paradoxically, they do quite well and it brings in new viewers. So just because this video might do well, I mean with how things are, it might not honestly, but usually historically they will do kind of well. And the reason why is simply because of just the nature of the video. I predict this video will only get 40,000 views at most. 40,000. Yeah, I'll probably say what somewhere around there. Now, the second point that I wanted to bring up, what are we going to do if things stay the same? Because usually when we've had these things, there's there's ups and downs. There's es and flows. You know, how YouTube works seasonally because of things. It can change. But the problem is if views are this low, this bad consistently, first off, making the videos literally just loses money. And secondly, it means that getting sponsorships is pretty much impossible for every creator because you can't guarantee views. You can't guarantee views. You can't guarantee views. You can't get money. So I like this is really not good is what I'm saying. If any of you who are in a position to be able to throw us that $1 a month, right? If we were able to replace the 30% left of ad revenue that we get from YouTube with creator support, right? Suddenly, we're free of YouTube's chains. Like, like we can just make content for our supporters. Uh but we need that additional support. So, genuinely, if you guys can dig deep, we love you guys and appreciate anyone who was able to do that. just $1 a month, it could make up that uh uh shortfall and then we can explore other platforms to bring you the content. Like I have an idea. If you cannot support the content but want to get more reliable uh alerts of our content, you can sign up to Patreon as an unpaid member. And I'm thinking of posting our regular videos on Patreon as unpaid posts, which means you will get an email alert of the content, right? And so genu everyone watching this video, you can link in our description. You can go to Patreon and sign up as an unpaid supporter and then we can upload our videos onto Patreon and you will get the email alert. We are in discussions with other platforms to bring our content to be hosted on other platforms. Good platforms that sorry just I'm gonna cut you off right there. Rumble Rumble is [ __ ] Un like like we want Rumble to succeed. We've tried it. I know creators that have done deals with them and and like tried their very best to grow their Rumble audience for a year complete. So, in terms of the UI, the player experience, it's actually pretty good. But the problem is there is no organic discoverability, there's no audience, there's no views, there's no real ad revenue there. I know a lot of you guys are immediately going to go into the comments and go, "Go to Rumble. It's, you know, competitive to YouTube." You know, it just really there's nothing there man. It's a problem, which is sad, though, cuz I But also, you know what? Like it's a small thing, but it is almost the straw that broke the camel's back cuz I was trying to consistently put our um uploads on Rumble. We You need to upload completely separately. We can't like a mirror upload. It's not a mirror thing. Yeah. Rumble has a 15 gig video limit. Yeah. And most of our videos are in 4K and are over 15 gig. And so to upload Rumble, then we need to render out a completely additional version of the video. What I would do is I would download it from YouTube in 4K and use YouTube's compression. That is garbage. It's like a whole But you got to go through all these new like uh throw all these new hoops, right? Uh to just get the content upload on Rumble as well. And there is no viewership, no discoverability, like 400 views. Yeah, I think 100 and at the most at the very most the video does well a,000 views. It's just not worth it. That's insane. Like that's insane. Especially with the hassle that you have to go through to render out a whole dedicated ear, everything like that. And so we've tried it. It's just real. There's a reason why when it first came out, a lot of creators did try and go over there and try and uh you know, give it a a good a good fair go. And it was just really bad. Unless Rumble puts people's content on their front page, I don't see anyone getting views. And I have reports of people who have talking to talked to uh the uh people inside Rumble who have said that they don't have plans in trying to grow their regular videos. They focus on live streams. Rumble is a live streaming platform, which is wild because their video player stuff is actually really good. It's decent. It works, but there's no discoverability and it doesn't support large video content over 15 gig. and our content is only long- form large videos and so it's just not a place that's viable yet. If it is, I'll go there. But we've tried it out. We'll try out again in the future, but at the moment, it's dead in the water for us. Yeah, I thought we should bring that up cuz I I know. But there are other platforms that we are talking that are viable and that may that actually are really good fit. Really really good. And hopefully if it goes ahead, right, I am at a point where I would be okay with all Shadow University content going on there as the primary platform for people to find and watch us and using YouTube as I don't know one video a week with promotion to other content that they can find on the platforms that matter. Like maybe maybe I I YouTube is becoming less and less viable looking into the future. I think that they're making changes that they legitimately want to kill the the current creator economy or the creator economy that used to exist. Well, I mean, that's a general thing that we're spoken about with general trends. Like I said, this video is a little bit more about last 5 days. These last 5 days have been insanely like crazy. Everyone has been saying tens of thousands sometime in some people's cases, hundreds of thousands. Like it is they changed something. We don't know what it is. other creators, random creators, different niches across the board, large, small, doesn't matter. They've all noticed it. And and the drop is between 50 to 90% viewership. Yeah. It's huge and immediate though. This isn't like a gradual thing, one video to the next. Bang. Yeah. And the fact that then you get the occasional video that does well, which shows there are people interested in the content, there's an audience there, anything like that, but then the next video gets a tenth of the views, right? That is a broken system and and no creator can make a career out of such unreliable inconsistent performance. And that that I think is a really that's the thing I think I think we should end up on is that even if you wanted to be a creator, if you're somebody watching YouTube, whether you're a big creator, small creator, or even if you're just someone aspiring to be a YouTuber, I think this just clearly shows that at a drop of a hat, YouTube can and will just destroy your career. And so you really have to sit back and think is like, wow, is this worth it? And ending off on the only way that I feel creators are going to be able to survive in the future is through viewership support. That's the only way we have only been able to survive thanks to you guys. You guys are legends. And if you want to continue to ensure that we get that sustainability, especially that ad revenue is consistently getting worse and and we're not making money each month. We're actually losing a bit of money each month because ad revenue going low, we really do need that additional support. So if any of you are in the position to support with that $1, you know, a month, $12 in the year, okay, or more, we're tremendously grateful for anyone who's able to, you know, contribute more. We make great exclusive content as good as our mainstream content. One of our last videos, the Dax videos, that video freaking rocks. I almost broke the camera. And that's we're making more and more exclusive content because that's the way that we're able to survive. It's wild, man. It is it is it is uncertain times. Really uncertain times. And so I've been trying to warn anyone who was willing to listen how these changes in the YouTube algorithm was damaging our channel and how they were threatening other channels and how it would get worse going into the future. Here is a compilation of the many clips of me explaining the very thing that many YouTubers are now noticing because it's affecting them. But it is now plain to see that the type of content as it has existed in the past will never be the means to be able to sustain a large channel in the future or support a business. The fundamental problem that is at play here which is affecting multiple channels not just myself content that is solely and only about sort itself history usage especially barely gets any attention or promotion in the algorithm these days. I've been noticing this trend for over a year now. I literally made a video a year ago, pointing out the things that I had noticed that now many people, many and I mean many how to do YouTube channels are saying the same type of things that I was saying a year ago in terms of this is what the algorithm seems to be prioritizing more in the recommendation of these videos to new audiences barely are happening at all. Now, what this actually happens, okay, the result that causes this type of thing, the content itself is not getting shown to new viewers because we're not the only channel that's facing this. I mentioned in the last video, other channels have been reporting on this and since making that video, many have actually reached out to me commenting, not just content creators, cuz yeah, Tyler Tube mentioned it and he mentions that there's been this weird change with other channels as well. other channels reaching out to me. Baggage claim posted on Twitter saying, "What's going on? My content hasn't changed. Views have gone off a cliff. Clownfish TV has been reporting on this." That traffic to independent websites through Google has been dying. And so, this isn't just happening to Shadowver, even though it is detrimentally affecting us in a big way. YouTube is clearly recommending different content that I'm not interested in. like on my home feed and so many people have reported this by the way, weird recommendations of videos that have barely any views that you have no interest in. And I've been flooded with that of content that just are not interested in watching or viewing. So clearly YouTube is recommending different content to different viewers, deprioritizing recommendations on our content and others. They are deprioritizing content from the friends, for example, if it's a social network. They're depprioritizing it from businesses and they're also depprioritizing it from subscribers. And when I pointed it out a year ago, there were critics and haters mocking me for it, accusing me that my content was now completely trash, even though the type of content and quality had not changed, if anything, the quality increased, and claiming I had alienated all of my audience. Now, of course, those people were liars and idiots, cuz you didn't have to pay too much attention to realize a couple of things. All of us have the occasional video, myself included, that does do well in the current environment. I have a number of videos since making, you know, the video talking about the issues that are at play here, well over 500,000 views or if not more. These are outliers, the exceptions to this new standard. But it really does show that there is still a large audience of people that like to watch this content, are willing to consume this content if it was just recommended to them. Because when I look at those videos that have done really really well, the conversion from impressions to views are the same, if not actually a bit lower than much of my other content. What that means is if most of my other content was just given the same amount of recommendations in the algorithm as my successful videos, they would get the same, if not more views than my most successful recent videos. If people are disinterested in sword content across the board from Scarlet Grim, Lindy Beige, Metatron, myself, and many others, our views should be terrible no matter the amount of recommendations they give. But the consistent analytical proof that I see time and time again, I get the same amount of views versus impressions I get consistently between my successful videos and my videos that don't do well. It's not based on the likelihood of an audience to watch. The YouTube algorithm is choosing to recommend my content. and give impressions to it. It seems to be if it's related to a more trending popular thing that more people are watching broadly. So the critics and liars who have been mocking and attacking me for over a year, they'll never admit they were wrong or apologize. They are bad actors that hate me for ideological reasons. The proof is very clear. And as I mentioned, it's not just affecting me. People probably don't understand how much viewership is not determined by quality or the amount that people actually want to watch it, but how much YouTube is willing to promote and push a video, how many impressions it gives. All right? And I've been seeing this directly with my Shadow content. Okay? The click-through wet rate and uh and conversion between how many views I get versus how many recommendations is the same. It's been on the channel for years. All right. And so people are showing just as much interest and enjoyment in the content, but views are falling off a cliff. And you go to the analytics. Why? It's directly correlated directly with impressions. Impressions are the lowest they have ever been on the channel. YouTube has basically decided to kill off long form sword content and it's been hitting all creators of long sword form content across the board. Okay. My YouTube rep. I have a YouTube rep, right? She literally said to me, "Subscribership is a vanity metric now. It means nothing. You do not get your and I have over a million subscribers on Shadowver University." That's how I was able to pull in 100 to 150,000 views per video because YouTube was recommending my content to my subscribers. And that is how niche content was able to thrive. Because sword content is niche content. It's never going to be able to compete or be more popular than Mr. Beast content. It's a niche content. But the the fewer people that were interested in that content, they would still get their content because they were able to say, "YouTube, recommend me this content when they subscribe." That's what subscribing meant. Subscribing and especially the bell notification was telling YouTube, I want to see that content. Recommend it to me more. YouTube has now said, "Screw you. We're going to only recommend you the content we want you to watch." And this has been confirmed by YouTube insiders. I actually give multiple clips of multiple people pointing this out in my video sword content is dead. It's the one I do on Shadowver and I show multiple insiders saying, "Yeah, subscribership means nothing." So, I don't know if you've noticed, but YouTube has made some changes. Something within YouTube itself has changed. The algorithm has changed. Something has changed and it's whatever it is, it's not helping. Here's kind of what's going on. the social platforms, all of the social platforms, they are depprioritizing content. Something strange is happening on YouTube. They just made a big update on their algorithm and I've never seen anything like this in my 10 years on YouTube. Social media and YouTube is rapidly changing. I think the unintended consequence will be they are probably going to kill YouTubers the way we know them today. The kind of video and topic that used to get at least 100,000 views, often more now tends to be stuck at 20, 30, 40, something like that. These numbers now, followers, subscribers, um, size of network are useless. You know, that used to be way higher and now keeps going down and down and down and down. You know, makes you feel like you're doing something wrong. makes you feel like no matter what you do, no matter what improvements you try to make. Basically, what you're saying is that we are seeing more content from strangers than we are from the channels we're subscribed to. They are deprioritizing content from the friends, for example, if it's a social network. They're depprioritizing it from businesses and they're also depprioritizing it from subscribers. And everybody on YouTube that has worked really hard to grow a big subscriber base can understand this. And Sean, you know this really well, right? You've got like a million plus subscribers on one of your channels. And you and I both know that they do not see ever all of the content despite all this work and all these years of work that you put in. YouTube is now determining recommendations based on the larger amount of popularity. And so it only pushes popular content and that has been killing off niche content. Not just sword long form sword YouTubers, a lot of them, right? And so views, I can confirm, are 100% driven near directly by YouTube based on how many impressions it's willing to give certain content. And so this video here, the only way, the only way it could possibly have reached nearly 400 million views is if YouTube is pushing it like a banshee. Why is the algorithm pushing this so insanely much? People watch it. This is going to be a question that's going to be hanging in the air. I don't necessarily know why the algorithm has decided to push that content like to nuclear levels. Okay. But after people click on it, they have the choice to stay and finish it. Finish the view or get a longer long enough amount of seconds for it to be counted as a view. Uh, and by, oh, I'm glad someone brought up this because one of the other proofs in the pudding about YouTube being the the algorithm being the thing that is more largely determining what content gets huge views on the platform versus the quality of the content. Do you remember the fidget spinner phase? Oh yeah, that was that was big for that was wild. Something in the algorithm triggered something triggered the algorithm to push fidget spinner videos. They fluttered the platform for a period there because of I don't know some weird feedback loop or something like that that if you just started making fidget spitted content it would get crazy views and this is proof in the pudding that these videos sucked by the way but when people don't get given any other options and that's oh I see this has a million views. Do you know something that attracts people to watch a video is if it has a million crazy views because they're wondering what's good about this video. Yeah, what's so good about it? everyone's watching it. There must be something in it. And I actually legitimately think that can create a feedback loop of getting people to watch it then more just to find out what what the hell is this weird piece of crap and then they stick around because they're confused. I think there must is does it when does it get good? Why is so many views? And that might actually do it. Yeah. Uh, fidget spinners is a perfect example of the algorithm deciding that a content is going to be popular and pushing it and artificially making it got crazy views when the video still sucked. You know, another point of reference about uh views is directly driven by just the arbitrary decision of the algorithm to determine how many impressions it will get. You know, I had a video recently that got over 800,000 views. I yeah that's that's great but my but my question is this video is no different to the other content that I make on Shadow University right there's nothing special about this video but the and it's and it's reviewing an anime and I've I've done that I've done that heaps done it recently and views have been so crushed on my channel uh so much recently that it was really why did this run the clickthrough rate isn't anything special the conversion what happened is YouTube decided to feed it a crazy amount of recommendations and pushed it to over 800,000 views. It could do that with any one of my videos and push it to crazy views. It's just arbitrarily this time it's like, "Oh, we'll give you a bone. Here's if it'll give you some more impressions this time." I have other videos way better than that one. I have other videos that are very similar to that one with content that the people who watch the video would be really interested in seeing the other one. But which uh which one was it? Which anime was it? Uh I reviewed the um the combat validity in an anime called From Old Country Bunkin to Master Swordsman. like a common one. I thought like something was so not even a big anime, dude. Yeah. I thought like I was thinking like, okay, maybe Frein or if you did like Apothecary Diary or something like that. Like, oh, that makes sense. But I don't even heard of that one. Yeah. Yeah, dude. Dude, I did a Freerin video and it got totally just crushed, bombed, bombed completely. And Free Run is a way more popular anime than Country Bumpin, you know? Like there's just no consistency and no control. It's just if the algorithm is willing to promote it and for a lot of types of content it's saying no you can die screw you. Uh that's the reality where things are at. And for AI I well this type of content well for some reason yeah it has been getting pushed quite a lot. I do not have a bias against AI made content for the sake of it AI. I judge it based on the quality of the content. If it is good, I'm perfectly happy for us to be flooded with highquality AI images, works, videos, everything. I think more great good quality artwork, videos, whatever is is is is better for the human race. Give us amount of great art, right? Uh but if there is a deluge of crap content which drowns out uh your ability to find good content, that's a bit of an issue. And you know why it's an extra bit of an issue? See, once upon a time lit dev, once upon a time, we used to have this remarkable tool. I I think it was a great tool actually where you were able to curate the type of content you wanted to be recommended. How did we used to do that lit death? Like a sub like a subscriber thing like if you let this channel to subscribe to it. You you mean we could actually once upon a time subscribe to a channel and and curate the recommendations and we could tell YouTube this is the content that we Wow idea that's amazing that someone send this to YouTube. Someone someone should invent that live dev. Holy crap. Cuz guess what? I've been wondering what could actually solve the problem. Unironically this could freaking solve the problem you retards. But YouTube have taken that away. subscriptions mean nothing now and then we get recommended absolute crap. Also, bring down bring the thumbs down button. Oh my gosh. Bring back the freaking down uh thumbs down button and and oh, look at this. I remember searching for things. Yeah. Do you remember when YouTube search actually gave you results that you were looking for? Like YouTube search at the moment is ass. It is so crap. Oh man, this is pissing me off, dude. Because the answer is actually far more simple than I was thinking. All YouTube needs to do is allow people to curate their recommendations. That's all. Now, people might say, "Oh, you can use the subscribe tab." Why don't people use the subscribe tab? Because people do want to discover new content. People still want to discover new content. But new content should actually be based on like not what YouTube is forcing in front of your face where you watch a random video and then all your recommendations is just copies of that random video from random things on the internet. But if it actually pays attention to who you're subscribed to and stuff like that, it could curate content like that. Um because it's just not recommending content from people you're subscribed to now. Like people can't even discover new videos from content creators they know, let alone new videos from new content creators that are making similar content. Like the YouTube recommendation is is is stuffed. But most people will for some reason just well they'll only use the homepage because it is kind of fun to discover new content. But as a result, the people you're subscribed to just get completely forgotten. That is the result. [Music]