They're at the door again, pounding away. Am I talking about the cancellation mob? Have I done something to upset them again? Have I said something which is common sensical which conflicts with their ideology? No. No. The people banging at the door are literal people banging at the door. The BBC licensing people are back. Hi everyone, it's AZ here from Heel versus Babyface. I, as many of you may know, am British and therefore we have a completely different licensing system when it comes to our terrestrial television. And our terrestrial television compiles the BBC, ITV, Channel 4, and Channel 5. Now, this also includes satellite TV where any of those channels would be platformed, for example, Sky TV. And it doesn't matter which one of those you watch, whether it be Channel 5 or the BBC. If you watch any of them, then you must have a TV license. And if you want to know why that is, it essentially boils down to the watching of live television on those channels, which I don't personally do, so I don't need one. However, if you don't pay your TV license, then the BBC feel as if they're entitled to invade your life due to an antiquated, outofdate system which should have been done away with a long, long time ago. And in my eyes, if the BBC want to create their partisan programming because they've been so left-leaning for so long, then they can pay for it themselves. I refuse to hand over any of my coin. And the way that they go about this is by starting off with a letter campaign. You'll start to get some, oh, we realize that you don't have a television license letters. And then they will start escalating to things like this 10day notice. Dear legal occupier, we are giving you a 10day window to get correctly licensed. It's all good. I am I don't watch your These days there are many more TV channels to enjoy. But to watch TV live, you need to be covered by a TV license. Oh, that's all good. I don't do that. The live television which I personally watch is through YouTube. And because those are individuals and not broadcasters, they don't get covered by your TV license. But we'll get back to YouTube later on in the video. Without a TV license, you may be breaking the law. You got license for that. Watch or record live TV on any channel, not just the BBC. Well, I don't do that, so you're okay. Watch or record live TV on any pay TV service. Sky, Virgin Media, BT. It's okay. I don't do that. Watch live TV on streaming services like YouTube, Channel 4, Amazon Prime Video, or any other international channels. It's okay. I don't do that either. Be covered for everything on BBC i Player. Well, the best news is I won't be caught dead watching that shite. The BBC then want you to contact them where they will try and coersse you into purchasing a TV license, hoping that you display enough naivity or ignorance of why you need one to bully you into that purchase. However, if you manage to pass that test, then you get put on the Gestapo the BBC's list for 2 years. And after two years, they'll contact you back again. Now, a few weeks ago, the BBC and YouTube managed to strike a deal. The BBC has announced a landmark deal with YouTube, which will see the corporation make content that is tailorade for the video streaming service. Now, why would they do that when the BBC has iplayer? i Player, by the way, that if you sign into it and you don't have a TV license, there you go. You're going to find yourself on another list, but a streaming platform that you do need a TV license to watch. And the reason why is because people aren't watching I player. It's as simple as that. Much more people are consuming their media through YouTube in the UK than they are through the BBC i Player. and the BBC are desperate to try and get more people tied into the TV license and therefore they will now put live TV on YouTube itself which creates a whole new question. Do you now need a TV license to watch YouTube if you live in the UK because it is live television broadcasting after all. And the answer to that is highly highly highly highly highly highly unlikely. Now the reason that this is virtually impossible probably goes twofold. First of all, YouTube has such an eclectic variety of channels. To say that you watch the BBC would be ridiculous. You can simply say well I watch YouTube for this channel that channel the other channel or certain genres etc. And that in itself should be good enough but if the BBC wanted to push it further then the second would come into play here and that would be data protection. Under data protection laws YouTube cannot hand over your history to the BBC. Now, if the BBC then want to go and try to subpoena YouTube at the court for your watch history, which by the way, you can delete at any time and you can request to be deleted through all your other avenues that you could potentially watch stuff through your PC, then I think that would be a great use of the remaining license fee payers money. just like this is such a great use of it right now. And yes, I did get a follow-up letter from the licensing people. We did not hear from you. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Dear legal occupier, we wrote to tell you we were giving you 10 days to get correctly licensed. I am. I don't need to do What you can expect now? Your case has been escalated to the enforcement team. So, you can now expect a visit from an enforcement officer. Oh my god. Now, I've already had one of these visits. All that happened is some person came down my pathway, popped a card in my post, and walked away. They didn't even knock at the door. And the card said, "WE CAME ROUND TO YOUR HOUSE and we will come again." Promises, promises, sweetheart. But what will happen eventually is somebody will on the door and they'll try to do what the people on the telephones are meant to do. They'll try and get you through ignorance or naivity to actually get a television license. It won't work on me personally. and the person will be invited to leave my property. They don't have any enforcement powers to enter your home unless they actually have a warrant from the court, which I very much doubt they're going to do. But there again, it is the BBC and they are big fans of wasting the license fee that they are given through the British public. I say given, the best word to use is steal. But year over year, hundreds of thousands more people stop paying their TV license fee because there is no need for them to pay it. And since 2020, there are various reports, but there is somewhere between 1.5 to 2.4 4 million people in the UK that has stopped paying their license fee. And this is why the BBC is getting even more desperate year over year. Their funding is beginning to disappear and they're trying to find new ways to bring it back. I do have some advice for them. Maybe stop ruining all your good shows. Yeah, that might actually be a good start. But things like the BBC's diversity initiatives make TV shows more and more cringe and more and more pathetic as they have to show their representation over actual storytelling. And hence why there's been a vast deterioration in the quality of storytelling because it's no longer about entertaining the British public. It's all about edutainment and also being seen. And let's just see from what I have seen on the BBC screens, not at my place of course because I don't need a TV license. I would rather be blind. I don't necessarily have a problem with what programming the BBC want to make. It's their prerogative after all. What I do have a problem with is stealing British people's money in which to do it. If you are true believers in the cause, because it certainly appears that is the crusade you want to go on, then fund it yourself. Find funding, make your and see what type of audience you get. But they know that if they did that, it would fall apart within 12 months. We all do. When I get the knock, they will not get any satisfaction from me, sir. And I'll see you guys and gals in the next video. Until then, you take care. Goodbye, Balubu.