video footage of Tyler Robinson arriving in court today as well as its defense's latest desperate attempt to I guess protect his good name uh to try and hide and seal everything. This would be an absolute travesty if the judge sides with them. There's a couple of clips here I want to share with you breaking now from the trial. So, let me get to that. Here is uh Tyler Robinson arriving in court via an armored motorcade. I wonder if he's wearing a uh if he's wearing his trans pride flag uh shirt combo. We're going to have to see here. Look at this. You got Humvees costing taxpayers massive massive amounts of money here. massive mass. So, here he is arriving and then we see iron shirt worn by Charlie Kirk's suspect hangs from the window. You see his uh his shirt hanging there with his trans pride uh flag on it apparently. I mean, this is this is actually crazy. Now, the defense is now asking, um, so the prosecutor has, first of all, they're trying to block the media. This is the prosecution responding to, let's actually go to them trying to get the delay first. The defense is now seeking a delay in Charlie Kirk's assassination case. We can either address this now or obviously later this morning um as the court wishes, but there's a um connection between the discovery that we have not yet received that the Utah County Attorney's Office has not yet received and going back one layer further, the State Bureau of Investigation has not received which is directly related to our ability to meaningfully prepare for the preliminary ary hearing and that is what I will generally describe as the federal forensic files. We're talking both about case files, as the ATF calls it, and data files from both agencies, which relate directly to forensic analyses, which led to forensic opinions, which it appears the state intends to move into evidence at the prelim through 11:02, but we don't have much, I should say, most of the underlying data. >> That's nonsense. They I I that seems like a stall tactic. I I thought that Tyler had come out and said he wants to have a swift trial. Maybe they're waiting for Candace Owens to uncover the real truth. >> Um we don't have data that we've been able to give our experts on stuff that relates to those opinions. So, um, we did meet and confer after yesterday's meeting about the fact that we need to ask this court to postpone the preliminary hearing for that reason. >> No. No. The prosecution should immediately say, "All right, here's what we're going to do after the trial. You're get you go get the files right now. Everything proceeds as planned. >> We can put it in writing if we need to do this by written motion. We can discuss it in more detail today. Um, but it's not little tiny bits of witness statements here and there and reports and some photographs that we're missing. From our perspective, this is core fundamental data that underlies expert opinions that the state wants the court to consider. And we have no ability to either get our own expert opinions or meaningfully cross-examine um the state's witnesses or frankly even call the forensic experts themselves because we have a right to put on our own witnesses. >> So they're saying, "Well, we haven't done our job in a timely manner, so we need to delay this trial." Absolutely not. Put in the overtime. You're Aren't you guys getting paid 500 bucks an hour? >> Because we don't have their data. Um, and our experts can't advise us on the data if if we don't have the data. So, we can't we can't meaningfully cross-examine. We can't meaningfully examine the state's forensic experts if the state decided to call them as live witnesses as opposed to through an 1102 process. >> He's just filibustering. >> Be prepared to put on our own witnesses because they don't have the data. So, >> that's nonsense. I don't want to pre-argue it unless the court wants to get to the merits of that. >> I did go back and I looked at the court's comments back when the court set the May preliminary hearing. >> It's awfully It's a weird defense to be like, "We suck at our job." It's It's a very weird defense to be like, "We suck at our job. We We suck at our job, so we need more time. This is this is actually a crazy Hail Mary. And by the way, now they're they're arguing to seal the evidence from public. Now, the defense is >> Wait, why don't go to that clip here? No, finish this one here. >> December. >> Um, and I don't think I need to read back to the court. >> They're just trying to get more money. Um >> but um >> that's our concern. So we can either >> they're like feeding them lines you can hear >> from our perspective discuss what is a realistic preliminary hearing date based on the representations that we will get certain data in the next couple weeks which I and I there's total good faith from the state. >> Yeah. What they're trying to do now is uh probably set themselves up to collect money halfway through and get fired so they can drag this whole thing out for another year. >> C when they said they met with the federal partners to impress upon them. I know what that means. That means they've done everything they can do, but there are federal agencies which haven't produced fundamental forensic data and files underlying very um important and then there's a >> today son. Now they're not going to get a delay. It's they they are do trying to get this delay because they don't really have any evidence. But now they're out here trying to seal this stuff. They don't want the media. Now the state prosecutor has has pushed back against this motion to prevent media access to the court hearing. They don't want cameras in there. Again, I don't know why that would be one of the worst things. Like look, if if the if the con if the theorist I want to say conspiracy theorist, if the people with lots of questions, wouldn't they agree? Like the people who think it was Tyler Robinson, which is me, but I do have other questions I need to get answered. But the people with questions, we both agree that this trial should be televised. This country needs this trial to be televised. Uh the conservative movement needs this trial to be televised. Erica Kirk has asked for the trial to be televised. Tyler Robinson does not get to be like, "Well, but people are going to see what a monster I am." No. >> Another thing I want to clarify is we are not media lawyers. We are not representing the interests of the media. Our our client is the people of the state of Utah who do have uh an interest in the uh public nature of these proceedings. But whether a docu whether any particular document in this case is public or private is really of secondary concern to the state here. >> Right? >> We're not trying to >> So he's saying like why are we even arguing this? It it's not the facts of the case. put it out there >> represent any kind of media interest and I think it's improper for the defense to suggest that. Um although maybe the media might want to hire us because we we probably charge much lower rates than than the media's lawyers. Um but >> uh we're not representing swinging a miss on that. We are just uh our primary concern is moving this case forward, >> right? and applying the correct standards in the law. So with that, let me turn to the the substance of the our response to the motion to classify the January 9th motion. It's clear from the rules of judicial administration that that document having been filed with the court is a presumptively public document. And a general allegation that it dis it discusses evidence that might be inadmissible is not enough to deny public access. So, what they're saying is, hey, we want to lock it all down in case we can later get some evidence thrown out. And that's all fine and dandy, but he's arguing, okay, so what? So, if it gets thrown out, then that will also be public, too. >> Um, if that were enough, then any motion that discussed evidence before there was a ruling on the admissibility of that evidence would have to be private. And even if there were some basis for ultimately finding that the evidence um discussed in the motion was inadmissible, public exposure to that kind of evidence does not necessarily justify um or it does not necessarily prejudice defendants's right to a fair trial and justify sealing that document. >> I agree. >> And uh the controlling case of state versus algire here from the Utah Supreme Court. By the way, we're not talking about the evidence in the case. All that Tyler Robinson's defense team has been talking about was not having this not having the evidence be released to the public. Why do you think that they would do that? Why do you think that they're that the defense isn't arguing whether or not evidence is good or not? They're spending all this time trying to delay the trial and argue whether or not we should see the evidence. Why? Why is that their primary concern? court in 2011 is very instructive on this point. Um it's instructive to all of these motions. Algyire was a capital case. Uh and the issue in Algy concerned a letter that was sent to the court from a fellow inmate of >> a great point is yeah they're probably just trying to protect the trans community. That's really what they're doing. They're like, "This is going to look really bad for one particular community because we're going to see all this stuff. We're going to see how they planned it. We're going to see all this nonsense." And ultimately, we're more worried about the PR for the trans community than we are getting justice. That's what Tyler Robbins's defense team is arguing. >> Curtis Algy, the defendant in that case who'd been charged with capital murder. And the letter stated that u the defendant had to the document. So, we won't know what the judge decides in this for many, many hours. I'll do an update if they do something very stupid, but like this is crazy that we would even be discussing this. Get the trial done because you're costing the taxpayers millions of dollars by having to protect this guy with military level security. Get the evidence out there. Convict or don't convict. But I think everybody agrees that this information should come out and it should be out quickly. Delays in this trial would be uh would have a reverberation that would be catastrophic. The evidence is clear-cut. This stall tactic by the defense is pathetic and they need to get it out there now.