A month ago to the day, February the 4th, I made a video chronicling the story of Highguard so far. I tried to be as objective as I possibly could in that video. And I did stress though that the game had a very troubling, if not very finite future. Very soon after that video, they let go 90% of their staff. They were down now to a skeletal crew. They had lost 97% of their player base for High Guard. And now here we are with the announcement that Highguard is shutting down. Absolutely nobody is surprised whatsoever. Hi everyone, it's AZ here from Heel versus Babyface. And if you thought I was tough on Ubisoft in yesterday's video, wait until you get a load of today's as Wildlife Studio announced that they are officially shutting down the servers of High Guard, which means that it would have been active for only about 45 days. It's now officially Concord 2.0. But before they do that, they're gonna add a new patch with some new content. And what what are they smoking? What what are what are these people smoking? So, first and foremost, let's actually go through this post. Now, this was done by the official High Guard account. High guards final update arriving soon. Yay. Say the remaining 10 and something players. Thank you for playing with us. Oh. Oh, it's over, is it? Okay. Today we're sharing difficult news. We have made the decision to permanently shut down High Guard on March 12th, just 8 days from this video. Since launch, more than 2 million players stepped into High Guard's world. You sure about that? Uh, you shared feedback if Do you know what? Actually, stop. Stop. I know you like to have a flow in a video, but I actually need to put the brakes on to this because if you're saying that more than two million individual people turned up to play High Guard and you're left with a hundred or something now, then your failure is even beyond the most spectacular that we could have even envvisaged. I mean, we are looking at obviously when you have a peak of 97,000 people, that doesn't mean that's the biggest number that played the game. People come in and out, they rotate all the time. So, that number is going to be larger. But if you're telling me that two million individual accounts across all the platforms decided to to give this a crack. Wow. Wow. Well, congratulations on that. You shared feedback, created content. Yes, we did. And many believed in what we were building. For that, we are deeply grateful. Despite the passion and hard work of our team, which we fired 90% of, we have not been able to build a sustainable player base to support the game longterm. And I'm just going to stop there because now I have to reference this comment by the devs. The lead designer, Muhammad Alvi, is actually quoted as saying, "Honestly, we don't need player counts to be super huge in order to be successful." >> You sure about that? You sure about that? >> And this is why Wildlife is going to get both barrels in the face in this video, because this has gone beyond naivity. This is hubris. This is arrogance. Because at no point during this whole process has it appeared that Wildlife have actually had any self-reflection whatsoever or decided to take any accountability or responsibility for what's happened whatsoever. According to them, this is simply an act of God, a force of nature, something that they couldn't in any capacity hold. Well, apart from the fact that you were caught lying about your funding, you were actually funded by 10 cent, one of the biggest companies out there. You weren't an independent company. You weren't independently financed. You were full of [ __ ] It's very likely that they paid for the advert that made you appear at the end of the Game Awards with Jeff Keley and then you just Oh, we're just a wee little company TRYING TO GET BY in this tough little world out there. Ah, [ __ ] off. So, let's return back now to the post. Servers will remain open until March 12th. We hope that you'll jump in with us one more time to show your support. No thanks. I'm busy. I'm washing my hair. And get those final great matches in while we still can. No, this isn't the closing down of something great. This isn't a moment in time, a part of history which is now coming to an end. This is a distinctly midlooking hero shooter in a saturated marketplace that look generic as [ __ ] that doesn't stand out from the crowd in any capacity whatsoever. And just like Concord, you will be forgotten about very quickly. And in fact, the only thing which will remain is the name to act as a cautionary tale to other companies that will likely still go full force into the same mistakes that you're making and we'll be back here doing Concord 3.0, Concord 4.0, Concord 5.0. Believe you me, the team is excited to release one final game update to enjoy in the remaining life of the game. We'll be adding a new warden, a new weapon, account level progression, and skill trees. Oh, hold on. I think there's somebody at the door. Who's there? Well, hello there. I'm Why the [ __ ] weren't you in the game in the first place? No, nothing. Nothing at all. Okay. Holy. Full patch notes are coming and we're targeting tonight or tomorrow morning for patch release. Get it while it's hot. From all of us here at Wildlight, thank you for playing. I didn't, so don't worry about it. For supporting us, I didn't. Don't worry about it. And for being part of Highguard's story, well, the only part of High Guard's story that I've been part of is actually reporting on a game that was released on the 26th of January, and on the 12th of March of the same year, 45 odd days later, closed down. You're not who you think you are. You think you're this massive company or at least you have this massive presence and that what's happening here is such a awful tragedy of gaming history. It's not. It really isn't. As I've said in my previous videos, and I'll reiterate right now, this game, it just wasn't it. And if you want a reality check about that, this is how many people have decided to turn out for these final few days. 176 right now with a 24hour peak of 460. a long way off that 97,000 that you had at launch that you immediately lost because your game just wasn't it. And I just want to hearken back to Josh Soil's post, a dev that was fired from the studio when they called 90% of their staff at the beginning of February. Everyone I knew who had any connection to the team or project had the same sentiments. This is lightning in a bottle. I trust this team wholeheartedly. If there's one project nobody in the industry is worried will fail, it's yours. This has mainstream hit written all over it. There's no way this will flop. I could play this all day. The levels of toxic positivity within this company were what what can only be described as insanity. Josh then goes on to reference that he believed that the company themselves, Wildlife Studio, had unbiased personnel that were like, "This game's great." It's it's beyond comprehension at this point. It truly really is. It seems that there was a delusional company that was living in a web of lies about who they actually were and where their money was coming from. They believed themselves to be the little guy punching up into the industry. is Josh himself would also reference that this would be a cautionary tale for other independent companies trying something different. You were funded by [ __ ] 10 cent. You're the furthest thing from an independent company there could possibly be. You're more mainstream than CocaCola [ __ ] McDonald's up the ass. And the only real reason you're shutting down the servers is that 10 cent actually pulled the funding from the game after its utterly diabolical launch. Otherwise, you would have been more than happy to keep spending their money as you lived in your land of delusion. Wildlife Studios with Highguard wanted to portray themselves as something they were not. They wanted to portray themselves as the little guy taking on the big corporations with their hero shooter that was really cool and unique and different and just for some unknown reason couldn't get an audience when it couldn't be further from the truth. This was a company that made a bland, generic, basic looking hero shooter in a saturated marketplace that offered nothing of any value to anybody. And instead of being a little guy trying to punch up, they were funded by 10 cent and couldn't be any higher on the corporate tree than they actually were. No sir, this is not David versus Goliath in any way, shape, or form. This was a bunch of posers, a bunch of toxic positive wankers that had as much money really as they could ever wish for with 10 cent and they made crap. Well, welcome to reality Concord 2.0. You will not be missed and you will absolutely be forgotten. I'll see you in the next video. You take care. Goodbye, Baloo.