Let's talk about Enoch Powell because for the leftists, simply citing the name Ero Powell is enough. And I don't think many of them actually know what he said or much about the man. I don't think many of us necessarily have looked into who who Enoch Pow was and you know the character of the chap and all the rest of it. I have. I'm sure you have had. Uh but but a lot of people have not. So let's give you a very brief CV of Powell and then what I want to do is get into his rivers of blood speech and we just analyze it and see what it was that he actually said. So Eno Pow was born in 1912 in Birmingham, but don't hold that against him. He got a double first in classics from um Cambridge University. Uh he did further study at the University of Helsinki. Um and this is where it gets interesting. He um was the youngest professor in the British Empire because he became a professor of um the classics at age 25. So a very very young professor, the youngest in the empire at the time. Um he served in World War II with distinction. Um he entered as a private and was swiftly promoted to brigadier, one of the fastest promotions in British army history. You know this is a man of considerable capability. Um he became a conservative MP in 1950 and wasn't until 1974. Um he spoke 12 languages. Um, if you're interested, those languages were English, Latin, ancient Greek, Hebrew, German French Italian Welsh Erdo Hindi, Russian, and Portuguese. All of them fluently. Uh, he he declined a knighthood um because he he he never wanted titles or or establishments. He just wanted to sort of get on and do things. Um, other notable things, he declined to write a letter to of recommendation to a young Nigel Farage uh because he saw through him um at at an early days. Um, and he predicted that he would become more hated than Hitler in public discord um which of course um he has effectively for the for theft. Um and and is also to him we credit the line that all political careers end in failure. So, I mean, he was a remarkable man, highly intelligent, highly capable man. Um, I'm not going to do what some people do, which is run away from me, not power. I I claim him for the right. He he is an example of the absolute best of us. Um, but then we get, you know, front pages like this where because K Starmmer is suggesting that he might turn off the taps of unlimited mass immigration, well, he's Enoch Powell and Enoch Powell is obviously bad and therefore Starmmer is bad. That's that's pretty much how the logic goes. Yes. Um and this is a cut from the this is the national newspaper wide. That is a newspaper in Scotland. Yeah. That that had that front page on it yesterday. So um let's go to I've got here a copy of the speech. Uh we might need to zoom in a little bit on that a little bit more readable. Is that good? Okay. So I want to go through um his his speech. I'm going to pick out passages because we won't have time to go through the whole thing. Uh but just have a look at some of the predictions he made and how did he get on with them. So he starts off the supreme function of statesmanship is to provide against preventable evils. Doing so it uh in seeking to do so it encounters obstacles which are deeply rooted in human nature. One is that by the very order of things such evils are not demonstrable until they have occurred. Um well yes my mind turns to you know Southport Manchester Arena the grooming gangs countless other examples he was warning about if we go down this route um there will be many ill effects that come off the back of it and you won't be provable until they happen and he was right. Yeah. Um he says I'll skip bits here and there in order for the in order to sort of get through this. Um above all people are depo disposed to mistakenly predicting troubles for causing troubles uh or even for desiring trouble. If only they love to think if people wouldn't talk about it probably wouldn't happen. Now this has been the story of the last uhif 50 years 50 years um people have hated on Eno power because he predicted things negative consequences would flow from immigration and to the leftist mind if you predict something it's as if you are summoning it into existence that's exactly what Jonathan Miller said in an interview with him in the 70s exactly this because you with all of the power of your office as a politician are predicting it are kind of making it happen and this is just magical thinking. It's how they think. Yeah, it's magical thinking. Yeah. I mean he he goes on and talks about that in in the very next line. He says perhaps this habit goes back to the primitive belief that the word and the thing the name and the object are identical. And yes, primitive people do this. If you if you mention a thing, it's like you're summoning it. Yes. And and obviously leftists are primitive people. So if you say to a leftist, you know, I'm and and we've had this all the time on the Lotus Eaters, we predicted things will happen and people will get angry at us and say, why are you trying to make that thing happen by speaking it by summoning it into existence? And so, you know, right at the beginning of this speech, he hits the nail on the head of the fallout that we cause from this for the next 50 years, um I'll jump down to this bit. Um okay, this is a line that is often repeated. um in this country in 15 or 20 years the black man will have the whip hand over the white man. Now um I'm going to I'm going to fact check that and go with um partially correct. I say partially because it wasn't the black man that had the whip hand. It was it was literally everybody who had the whip hand over the white man. Um let's see if this box is working. Can you go to the next link, Samson? Um so here we are. I mean um you know I've picked out a couple of stories here. So, this is um you know, people put up some stickers that said it's okay to be white. Uh sparked a police investigation as as a as a hate instant. The same would never be treated of, you know, it's if you put up a post saying it's okay to be a woman or Black Lives Matter or any of those things. Um that would never be treated in that way. Um what else have I got? I've got Oh, the NHS are um discriminating against whites in interviews. Mhm. Um so they've they've they've given themselves a rule, the Rooney rule, um where basically they say that um if they can justify hiring a non-British national um then they will do so. Um so another example there I think I do have more uh yeah so MI5, MI6 and GCHQ. So the intelligence services of this country um Navy did the same. Yeah. I mean there's a there's countless examples. ZF did the same. Um, you know, they won't hire um whites if they can. Yeah. Unless they absolutely have to. They won't piece recently, too. So, you've got lots of these sort of things. I I I might have that as well. And then, of course, um and it was only because Robert Genrich pushed back so hard and made it a thing. we've came um exceptionally close to basically having UK law um target white men specifically where everybody else um you know if if you had um different levels of melanin or you were a woman um you would get um lighter sentences than a white man. A white man would be would be specifically marked out for receiving longer and harsher sentences. But ultimately the um non-whites entering the government can be although it's it's an emotive metaphor can be understood as the white the black man having the whip hand of the white the white man and that started in I I suppose the late ' 90s. Yes. So so unless that if they support right-wing things they're called a coconut. Oh yes. That's that that is that is the amount of times that I got called that when I was Why would you be Why would you be called a Well, I'm I'm mixed race. So, yeah, absolutely. If you look at my pictures when I'm younger, I'm much blacker than I am now. I've just faded over time. I like to say that I've faded naturally. CPA photograph. Yeah. Unlike Michael Jackson. He had a complete black and deck. You put the creams on. Yeah, that's right. He painted himself white. I just happen to go through my melatonin seems to have disappeared. apart from when I go on holiday then then I come back and I'm now mistaken for whichever country I go into right and Turkish you name it but that's the same sort of thing the coconut argument for this is is disgraceful it's getting people to back off from something that's right but this so so I I will say that his claim was his prediction was correct other than that it wasn't the black man it was it was literally everybody who wasn't white will have the whip hand on on this um I can already hear the chorus uh of ex excreation. Yes, excreation. How dare I say such a horrible thing? How dare I stir up trouble and inflame feeling by repeating such a conversation? So, so yes, I mean again this goes back to the idea that if you talk about something, you are summoning it into existence. Not that if you drastically change the demographics um that will result in problems, but that would result in no problems if you didn't talk about there being problems. it it would go it would go swimmingly if you if you don't talk about it. Um here he cites you know I'm I'm saying what hundreds of thousands u of people are thinking um yes and and to continue for another here's another meaty prediction that he got into um and bear in mind this speech was in 1968. He says in 15 or 20 years on present trends um there will be in this country 3 and a half million Commonwealth immigrants and this and their descendants. uh there's no comparable official figure for the year 2000 but it must be in the region of 5 to 7 million approximately onetenth of the whole population and of course it would not be evenly distributed uh from Margate to Aaris and uh from Penzance to Abedine notice that in the one that was broadcast he didn't he used different towns this is the written speech record of it was Lanzen gros he said in the speech that's a bit more relatable Um maybe you found Abberisworth too hard to to actually say in a Well, I certainly did. Yes. Um whole areas and towns and parts of towns across England will be occupied by different sections of the immigrants and ind immigrant descendant populations. So how did he do on that one? Well um we did have the 2001 um uh census um and there were 5 million um foreignb born or foreign um origin people living here, 8% of the population. So it was very slightly off um on that one. Although then of course it started to accelerate and by 2021 the figure is um 10 million. But of course 2021 is before the great Boris wave. Um and if you if you take that into account that was what about 6 million people something like that. So, you know, we're we're already up to at least um 16 million. Um you know, must be about 25% plus of the population. Yes. Um so, initially he was he was slightly overegging it, but in the end he ended up um being very much under. Um and he was correct in that the it basically clusters in certain towns and cities rather than being uniformly spread. So, he he got that part of it right. So, so far um you know, basically he's been absolutely spot on the entire time. If anything, he he's underging it. Um let me Here we go. So, as time goes on, the proportion of the total who are immigrant descent, those born in England who arrive here by exactly the same routes as the rest of us will rapidly increase. Uh they did indeed. Oh, we're coming up on his first major um error. Um, the answers to the simple and rational questions are equally simple and rational by stopping or virtually stopping uh further inflow and promoting the maximum outflow. And here's the bit he got wrong. Both answers are parts of the official policy of the Conservative Party. He could not have been more wrong. Well, but there was at the time. Well, the the policy we have to bear in mind with the Conservatives is the policy they talk about and there's a policy they adopt. That was the policy at the That was the policy at the time and they put up posters about it about about re-immigration. That was the was Conservative Party policy in 1968. Yes, he's right. Well, he didn't say that will be Conservative Party policy in 2025. Well, no. I mean, but so I think I think you need to change that to black. He's right. What he's saying is intense. I mean, bear in mind they did kick him out the party more or less for this speech. So that was still there. That was still their official policy. He was it was imp. Well, yes. The official policy under Boris Johnson was that immigration would come down and what they actually did was the complete and up stating it's their official policy. I don't mean to be I do mean to be pedantic here. Yes, it is correct. Okay. This this is a bit like saying that Boris Johnson's official policy was to reduce immigration while he massively massively increased it. But it's still his official policy. Oh, okay. I'll give you that. I'll give you I'll give you that. But I don't know. I I can't I'm enjoying it because I can see both sides of it. All right. Okay. Well, you can see both sides of it completely. No, I can see that it's actually as the language is written, it's right. But actually, I also understand the policy decisions of all politicians, they may write it down, but they never carry it out. Yes. And certainly when it comes to immigration, looking back, even from the time of the Conservative Party, then they didn't carry it out. They were still allowing it to happen. I I I I'll give you the technical win, but but technical only, right? Um it it almost passes This is just kind of ridiculous, isn't it? It almost passes belief. Uh at this moment, 20 or 30 additional immigrant children are arriving um from overseas in Wolverampton alone every week. That means 10 to 20 additional families in a decade or two. depends. I mean, first of all, it's terribly quaint that he's worried about 20 or 30 additional families in in Wolverampton. Um, should we go and have a look at um uh Wolverampton? Here. Here we go. So, here's Wolverampton. Um, and let me see. Can I set Here we go. The proportion that are white. So, let's take um Wolverampton Central is now 40% white. 40% 60% something else. So whites are the now the minority in Wolverampton. This is this is in powers old sea. Um and if you push down into into South Wolverampton, you know, only 30% of people in in this in Breen Hall are white. Um again, only 30% people are there are are white. So you know, he he I don't think any because there would have been people in Wolverampton who would have been appalled by what he said. Um who probably had no idea what was going to happen to Wolverampton next. Um and in in Finland when immigration first the same in Walsaw isn't you know also Birmingham the whole lot. Oh yes first began 20 years ago. People only were saying to me oh why would this happen here like no one wants to come to Finland. Why didn't want to come to Finland? Well because you got a welfare system that's why um another famous line to those whom the gods wish to destroy they first make mad they must be mad literally mad as a nation permitted the annual inflow of some 50,000 dependent. We would give our right arm for 50,000 these days. Absolutely. um for who are the most part the material future growth of the immigrant descendant population. Um I I in in the interest of time I won't look at the immigration chart like watching a nation busily engaged in heaping up its own funeral p. Uh yes. Yeah. Next line. Yes. Uh well that that's the recent immigration chart and we got the you know this is the Conservative party policy and to be fair it it will come down. I mean I my estimates it's going to come down to around 500,000 and that's well yeah it's still still far here. The O OR and and the ONS think it's going to be 360,000 as the average for the next 10 years. If my if I'm right we're 80 million people in this country by the time we got 2033 2034. Outrageous. We should be we should have a policy of getting the country down to about 40 million. And how will we do it? Yes. Um, oh, he makes the point here about, um, for every, you know, 5,000 people who come in, you can expect another, you can expect 5x that number because dependence. Um, he also makes the point that, um, you know, this is making no allowance of fraudulent uh, entry. There's a lot of that as well. Um, he I mean he's he's he's partially preempting the small boat crisis there as well, but also the fact that a lot of people just turn up on holiday visas and then disappear. um you never see them again and for whatever reason they don't get counted on the immigration numbers. Um you know he said he says that this should be reduced to um negligible proportions. He does here talk about um he makes a distinction between settlement and um entry of Commonwealth citizens because there he was the um health minister for a while while the NHS was expanding rapidly after the Second World War. And as part of that because the NHS was expanding so fast they did bring in um number of England doctors for example they did um and and he was the minister who oversaw that. So he he always draw a distinction between kind of goes back to our last segment actually skilled immigration. He didn't have so much have a problem with that especially if there was some sort of work visa arrangement um as opposed to people who were just coming here in order to settle and to you know take up permanent residence. Uh, in fact, yeah, I got I mentioned that below there. So, is what happened there? We have that back and I don't know what happened there. Um, there we are. So, yeah, little bit there on his um yeah, background as health minister. Oh, so we brought in people from India, Pakistan, um Bangladesh, Jamaica, and Barbados. We did. We managed to get lots of nurses coming in from Jamaica and Barb Barbados was we got doctors from India. Yes. And Pakistan and Bangladesh ended up going not necessarily into healthcare from what I understood at the time. They ended up going elsewhere. But uh indeed well they they had um basically full working rights. Yeah. So it doesn't matter what they brought over for they can then go off and do anything else. Um I' I've put this down as my my second great fail. I refer the honorable gentleman to the plier I gave some amendments ago. Hence the um urgent the urgency of implementing the second element of the Conservative Party's policy, the encouragement of reimigration. Okay, technically it was the Conservative Party policy. They've never once done it. So um nobody can make an estimate of the numbers of which generous grants and assistants would choose to either return to their country of origin or go to other countries anxious to receive their manpower and the skills they represent. Another quaint thing about the time of which he said this and at least the people coming then actually had skills where of course the people we're trying to offload today or hopefully we're going to be offloading today their only skill is is claiming welfare checks. So who the hell else is going to want them even their own countries won't want them back. Um but you know that that that was at least the case in 1968 that the people coming had some skills at least. Um I do like this bit. Um it can be no part of any policy that existing families should be kept divided. So basically saying you you deport them together. Mhm. Um or you or you send them back to be reunited in their country of origin. Uh the third thing which I I will I will skim over to to avoid any friction. Uh but he's talking about conservative uh party policy again. Technically true. Um and oh here we go. So this does not mean that immigrants and descendants should be elevated to a privileged or special class that the citizen should be denied rights to discriminate in the management his own affairs between one fellow citizen that of another. Of course, as we talked about earlier, um the white man is now actually discriminated against in a whole number of ways. Hiring for, you know, the armed forces, the intelligence services, the NHS for broadcast, but also they've, as you would say, they've they've banned the right. You used to be that your your home and including your business was your castle and if you wanted to discriminate against somebody on any basis you wished, then that was allowed. Yes. Whereas now you can only do it against white men and and but this was what that act this is why he argued that act was such a in ' 68 was probably what speaking against was such a problem because it would ban for before that act landlords could say I'm not going to give you lodgings cuz you're black and and and it will upset my other lodgers and the attitude was well it's his house it's his house it's sacrian it's his house even if you disagree with his reasons and you think it's it's it's unpleasant or whatever it's his it's his house and and this undermined that fundamental aspect of of England liberty. Yes. Um so here he is talking about um you know legislation against discrimination as as we've seen that basically becomes discrimination but the other way against against the majority population. Well it began the basis of actually leading us up to acts such as the malicious communications act. I mean they start stemming off in different ways. You become a hydra. You begin with the the so-called pleasant idea that we don't treat people differently because of color or skin or race or religion which in principle we all agree with. No one should do that. And so by enforcing it into legislation which then become part of common law it's what we talked about ID cards that we know what's happened when they bring it in for the foreigners we'll be having it up towards next you know. So the idea is this becomes a multi-headed hydra that extends their powers, their decisions to control us and make us think along their lines. Yes. He says they have got it exactly and diametrically wrong. The discrimination and the deprivation, the sense of alarm and the resentment lies not with the immigrant population but with those who they come amongst and are still coming. Again, this is the leftist theme that to mention any criticism of of of immigration. Well, you're creating alarm and resentment amongst the immigrant population. Actually, no, it's Isn't that interesting again that he was working on that speech, he had it written out and right to the last minute cuz what he actually said was a sense of resentment and alarm. So, he reversed them and he was thinking about the exact cadence of the words right to the moment he delivered the speech. Well, he he was a very clever man. Yeah. Yeah. um he he makes a distinction between the the uh black community in the United States which he says look they were already in existence whereas the commonwealth citizens coming here they're basically leaving one functional country and coming to another uh where they then get free treatment under the NHS um again quaint that it was the NHS was seen as the big bill at the time not the welfare system and the retirement system and all the rest of it but that was the the the immediate concern there um talking about the existing populations and for reasons they could not comprehend they were never consulted they never they found themselves made strangers in their own country. So yeah so first of all he makes the point people were never asked about this and they were never asked subsequently well in fact they were asked subsequently and they said yes we don't we don't want immigration and they got it anyway. That's right. many many times every polling for the past 20 years has suggested that immigration is at the top of the tree and that we do not want illegal migr immigration and we do not want to have excessive immigration into the country but all the time interestingly did he say that I don't I don't know it's in the written speech and my memory of the recordings is he goes on which they were never consulted and which they could never have expected applause it could be and I don't think he said those lines which are now being attributed to star. I think he had them written down in the speech and he had it's on the YouTube version. Someone is an actor to be him and they but I I wonder if he actually said that. Oh, that' be interesting. But it is in the written speech. Yes. Well, this is this is the bit that that people got upset about in the last couple of days which they found themselves made strangers in their own country which we wherever my meme is. There we go. Yeah, that's the same thing. So very similar to uh to what what Kia Starman said and of course you know kicked off all of this. Um he highlights an issue here um talking about the the British population. They found the wives unable to obtain hospital beds in child birth, their children unable to um obtain school places. Again um exactly what has happened uh the pressure on ser I mean even Starman talked about that in the speech the pressure on public services and the reason that pressure on public services is there is because we're rapidly expanding the population. Um and these people bring dependents with them that need to go into schools and hospitals and all the rest of it. Um people often like to say well the NHS wouldn't function because you know without immigration because you know this the the staff make up like 15% of the staff are foreign born. Well yeah but something like 25% of the patients are. So if you got rid of both sides at the same time it's probably more because the the health level of the ethnic minorities is lower than that of the natives controlling for age. Yes. Yes. So in terms of per let's look at it per capita rather than pure numbers they are probably they don't like using the per capita is you don't in terms of crime when we look at crime numbers for example as con Tomlinson recently showed about the migrant breakdowns and the abuse gangs well that's just that's just a deliberate misunderstanding of maths and in order to pass GCSE maths you need to understand things like per capita and if they don't then frankly they should be forced back to school until they do is the sense of being a persecuted minority ity is growing amongst ordinary English people in areas of the country affected is something that those without direct experience can hardly imagine. Now he wrote this speech in 1968 and he's talking about the sense of being a persecuted uh minority of of the English people and it's taken yeah it's taken until yesterday for the government to respond. It took 50 years. Yeah. For the government and that and I think that only happened because we've got people like David Betts or whatever the King's College London war expert talking about things like civil war. Yes. And it being ramped up to such a degree that they know they're going to they're going to lose power. They are losing power if they don't like it's like the majesty reformation. If they don't sort of take control of this then someone else if they don't put a containment exercise in place. They've got reform on one side of things. They've also got the Muslim parties that are rising and the so-called independence in certain areas like a girl from Burnley who's what 19 who's just been elected as a counselor in Burnley and she as part of her policy say we should have segregation between men and women in our schools. Yeah. Well, you got what was it five Islamic MPs now? Yep. And I reckon, you know, if we did a someone helped me overlook some of the polling, potential polling, they could move from five to 25 in the next election. Well, all Labour seats. And and and that's what um Labor is thinking. They're thinking, okay, well, next election you could have 25 openly Islamic MPs. Yes. And you could have um reforms the biggest party. Yes. And they're being squeezed out the middle, like you say, and therefore that's why they're having to put this containment effort in place where they start to pick up. The thing is, I just can't Why? Please just don't believe them if you're thinking of I suppose people watching this channel won't vote Labor in a million years but but but it's the idea that you would believe these people is is just for me it's astonishing. Well, it would almost be as mad as believing the Conservatives. Well, yes, exactly. And that's why I was fully in favor of zero seats. I remember coming on here when it was I don't believe the Labour Party, but I think they're slightly more believable than the Conservative parties. They they Well, I actually believe the Labour Party will ruin the nation. And it's their intention to do so because they just can't think out of the box when they were 17 or 18 and really being oppressed by someone else because they were Yeah, that's it. It's the It's the It's the It's the child that's never grown up. It's the It's the Kevin from Harry Enfield. It's so unfair. They're motivated by resentment that they don't have power and they never feel they have power when they have it because they're because they're neurotic and they feel that the people other people are controlling them and they lack a sense of agency and so therefore they will always fight for more power and against that which is historical which symbolizes power. It's resentment as nature said uh in in in one party they will never they're just machavelium. Let me skim through a couple of other points. Um he's talking about the dangerous delusion of thinking that integration would be a thing. uh we spent the last 50 years um hammering that you know oh integration is going to happen any time now. 50 years ago he said no this is a nonsense imm integration is not going to happen. He even points out to talking about the immigrants coming here he said to imagine such a thing enters the head of the great and growing majority of immigrants and their descendants is a ludicrous misconception. It does some though I mean I looked at this in my book some Yes. Yeah, I looked at this in my book, the past is future country, the coming conservative demographic revolution. And what you'll see is that some of them do this. They they white a line. Uh particularly if they marry a native person and have a child and then they've got a stake in the in the people and it's also different communities. I found that within the black community for example a lot of Africans who were here initially and and West Indian men are supportive of people like Tommy Robinson for example seeks are supportive of that particular ideology and they were supportive of Brexit in big numbers that I found and so what you what you have is different groups are willing to do so but in small numbers in very much small numbers we're almost at the end now so um now we are seeing the growth of positive forces acting against integration and a vested interest, the preservation, sharpening of racial and religious differences with a view to the exercise of actual domination over um first fellow immigrants and then the rest of the population. What we just talked about ago with with the openly Islamic um MPs um for the and this hearts back to the fact the reason he was giving this speech was about the race relations bill. Um for these dangerous and divisive elements, legislation proposed in the race relation bill is the very parabellum of what they need to flow. It is the means of showing the immigrant communities can organize. That's a key point. Um the right gets arrested if they try and organize. Um the left or immigrant groups do not get arrested if they want to organize. Encouraged. Uh yes, very much so. Um I'll quickly mention some points of the race of of the race relations act of 1968. Um it basically prohibited discrimination housing employment and public services. that was swept away by the Equality Act of 2010. Um, and under section 158 and section 159, it gives you the sort of discrimination that has become commonplace these days. So, RAF pauses job offers to white men um calling them useless white men. Um, that actually led to a senior um female officer um um resigning in disgust of what they were doing. Uh, and another example is, you know, here's a story by the police basically discriminated against a highly qualified individual because he was a white man. I think he actually had a a degree in particle physics or something, was applying, you know, well above the average of the normal policeman and he was applying to join. Um, but he was a white man and so he got rejected and and won a later tribunal case. There were legion of examples that I could give here. Um, but you know, we we don't have racial equality. We just have basically what they call positive action is acceptable in tiger breaker situations. And funnily enough, um the fact that you've applied for a job means it qualifies for for apply a tiebreaker. So basically the white man can be rejected. Um I'll now quickly cover because we're a bit low on time now. Um the other passage which is very famous and in this he's making a reference um to a Virgil book about the fall of Rome and about a vision that they had there at the time. um in that in that that he basically saw the the coming fall of Rome. Um and the passage that um uh power says in his speech is as I look ahead I am filled with foreboing like the Roman. I seem to see the river Tyber flow uh foaming with much blood the tragedy and intractable phenomenon with which we watch the horror on the other side of the Atlantic. But there is an interwoven with the history and existence of the United Stealth United the states itself is coming upon us here by own valition and our own neglect. So he he's not actually directly saying that you know rivers are going to fill up with blood. Um he's making a reference to a vision in a um classical text about the fall of an empire. So couple of lines from the end only resolute and urgent action will avert it even now. Whether there will be the p whether um there will be the public to will demand to obtain that action I do not know. All I know is that I will see uh and not to speak would be the great betrayal. So there we go. That's that's what he actually said. Um every prediction he made was correct. possibly apart from the bits about what the conservatives would do. All of the predictions you may have approved on sometimes on technical grounds. I I I give you that. I can accept that. Okay. Um the the the passages that often get people fired up um was a um a a classical reference, a cultural anchor effectively um to a to a warning um that it's the end of an empire. There's nothing about people being burnt in blood in rivers and things like that. Although I do think that we will have some more violent between groups as we're beginning to see whether it's in Leicester uh between Indians and Pakistan. Well, sometimes they didn't even they don't even need us. You know, the violence in Leicester, for example, was between the the Hindus and the Muslims. Nottingham between poles and Romanians against Somalians. It's it's going to continue in different ways in the same way that we've had it. You know, there was the battles in the 1800s between the Irish and the English. So, it will happen. But in in this occasion, we've got far too many groups and far too much desperate uh desperate people with no link to this nation anymore. They only see it as a place that they can make money and live. It's not a cultural tie that they Yeah. Yeah. So, um you know, I certainly claim him as um you know, one of our own example of the best of us. Um and this speech which has been demonized been used to demonize him for 50 years. He was he was bang on the money. If you would like to watch the full uncut version that is also uncensored, head on over to lotus eaters.com to find out more. [Music]