[Music] Here we go again. Hollywood has learned absolutely nothing and their favorite B tier character Pedro Pascal is at the forefront of it once again and he is making this all about orange man bad. Now again in a in a perfect world Pedro Pascal can say whatever he wants. I don't really care if he has opinions. What I do care about is that people like Gina Corano were publicly fired and shamed for having an opinion. Hollywood didn't seem to like that. But when it comes to Pedro Pascal, someone who has a long history of doing far worse than what Gina Corano did, they have absolutely no problem with it whatsoever. And we have Pedro Pascal's latest film, Edington. Ari Easter wrote a movie that's all of our worst fears in a postcoavid political era. This new movie is all about Donald Trump and co. When it came to unpacking the politics of MAGA culture and Donald Trump and Ari's Edington, there was no dodging the subject for filmmaker and stars Pedro Pascal and Walkin Phoenix at the Con's presser this afternoon. Actually, Phoenix let Pascal do all the talking. Edington is a melting pot about the fallout from COVID, the frenzy of social media, and how Black Lives Matter gripped the country. The pick follows Crusty Sheriff Joe Cross, played by Walking Phoenix, who decides to take on the town's mayor, Ted Garcia, played by Pedro Pascal. But the odds are greatly stacked against Cross and he tries to take the situation into his own hands. What it says, Pascal, when asked how the politics of the movie speaks to the Trumpian era, it's very scary to participate in a movie that speaks to issues like this. It's far too intimidating of a question for me to address. I'm not informed enough. I want people to be safe and protective. I want very much to be on the right side of history. He added, "I felt like Easter, I think it's how you say his name, wrote something that was all of our worst fears as that lockdown experience was already uh a fracturing society. This was building towards the untethered sense of reality and there is no point in not going back. I was overwhelmed by that fear and it's wonderful if it it's wonderful it was confirmed by Ari. My goodness, these people are broken. Now, here is the clip that's going around. Pedro Pascal getting backlash for speaking out against Trump's administration uh Trump administration's immigration policy. I I want people to to to be safe and to be protected and um and and I want very much to live on the right side of history. And I'm an immigrant. My parents are refugees from Chile. I myself was a refugee. We fled a dictatorship. And I was privileged enough to grow up in the US. And and um and after asylum in in in in Denmark and if it weren't for that, I I don't know what would have happened to us. And so I I I I I I stand by those protections um always. I Well, it's really nice that you live in a country where you can speak out against the uh sitting president of the United States. You know, the same guy that's literally trying to have world peace, the the guy that's trying to stop wars, the guy that has made America great again, the guy that has made the economy great again. you know that guy that guy that just had a m middle eastern trip uh where he was celebrated all all over the world. You know, it's pretty nice that you live in a country where you can speak out against that guy even though that guy is doing things that no other president in history has ever done. Yet you, Pedro Pascal, want to pretend like he's the bad guy. Now again, let me remind you, Pedro Pascal, Pedro Pascal posted that picture right there. Now, that wasn't enough for Disney to fire him, by the way. But Gina O Gina had to fire get fired. So, Pedro Pascal with he him in his bio there or in his name even. This is him responding to the Geeks and Gamers account. He then after after he quote tweeted this, he watched my video and then he decided to make fun of how I said his name, showing how triggered he really was. So, he can continue to be as triggered as he wants. But the bottom line is is that you are on the wrong side of history, Pedro Pascal. You have consistently been on the wrong side of history, and we will continue to laugh at you every step of the way. No one likes this guy. He is not a movie star. He's a fake movie star that Hollywood has decided that he's going to be at the forefront of everything. And I don't necessarily dislike him in movies. By the way, I'm just sick and tired of seeing him and I'm sick and tired of him getting a free pass when you said Gina Carano can't have her opinions and you want to fire her yet you want to elevate this guy and every time you turn around it's Pedro Pascal here, Pedro Pascal there. And and I'm not the only one. I mean, like, he responded to quite a few people. I I think originally it was uh who was it? Yeah, it was Steph right here. Uh right here. Oh, wow. Check it out, people. And he puts a bunch of rainbows and emojis. What a loser this guy is, man. Like what a And again, this is a guy who celebrated um 2020 and the election. Uh it happened in 2020 and we all know what happened in 2020. was and everything got corrected in 2024. But this guy, this guy does not love America. He absolutely does not. And he despises the American people and he despises you if you have a different opinion than him. And he's made that very clear. And Disney has made it very clear that they don't care. They don't care that he disrespects you. They don't care that he's alienating the audience. They don't care because he has the correct politics in reference to Hollywood and that is ultimately all that matters to Hollywood. So continue to do this, Pedro. Continue to play the fake victim. Continue to pretend like you care about people, but in reality, you care about no one but yourself. You guys have a great day. Thank you very much for checking out this video and we will talk to you later. [Music]