Over on the Moist Critical subreddit, we have this post titled Idubbbz believes that Charlie is a right-wing grifter posted two days ago. Let's take a look at this recent clip. The thing that kind of first stands out to me is that I never I never perceived 2016 Idubbbzs to be ideologically like right-wing or ideologically hateful in the way that those other two are. Like, >> it's part of the pipeline, though. It it's the same reason people wouldn't say Charlie Moist critical is uh right-wing or like as ideologically [ __ ] out there as like a Nick Fuentes or even Asmin Gold, right? Like >> Yeah, exactly. >> He But he he holds some space for the people in his audience who might have some differing opinions. >> Oh no, differing opinions. Idubbbz, what are you going to do? That that that's awful. >> He doesn't make it clear like I don't want you in mying community. >> Yeah. like outright. >> And you know, I get it. I get the hustle. I did it for a while. Um, >> but it it is a little bit of cope. And I understand why people don't want to take the path that I took cuz it breeds a lot of hate. >> That is a crazy clip. I don't know what's wrong with this Idubbbz guy. And that Isaac Zale person. Why are you agreeing with his take? His take is crazy. Sounds like a crazy person. Oh yeah. watching Penguin Zero, that puts you down a pipeline to the alt-right or far right or Nazi pipeline, you know, these people love to interchange those words whenever they want. It doesn't even matter. So, apparently watching Charlie is going to put people down that pipeline, that's insane. Charlie's been also getting more openly leftist with his viewpoints and opinions. But to people like Idubbbz, who refers to himself, by the way, as the white Hassan, to people like that, they see Charlie, who has openly leftist opinions, and they somehow are so far left that they view that guy as sending people down an alt-right pipeline. >> But it it is a little bit of cope. And I understand why people don't want to take the path that I took cuz it breeds a lot of hate. >> I love how he accuses other people of coping. And then immediately immediately after that, his next point is him coping tremendously with the whole take of him saying like, "Oh, I understand why people don't want to take the path that I took because it gets you a lot of hate." Implying like the path that he took is so superior and objectively correct, but people are simply afraid of getting hate. That's why they wouldn't take it. And it's like, bro, what path? The path you took made you worse in every conceivable way. Why would anyone want to replicate that? But to him, he's just like, "Oh, they they're just scared of the hate. That's all." It's like, "No, there's just no good reason to act like that." Like, what what's going on here? Crazy cope. Anyways, fun for a quick video, but I'll leave it there. That's all I got to say about this Idubbbz clip that's going around. Let me know what you think about this in the comments. Thank you for tuning in. Have a lovely weekend and I'll see you in the next