You know, in the course of this series, I've covered projects derailed by all manner of disasters, mishaps, clashing egos, studio interference, and sheer bad luck. But I don't think I've ever encountered a movie where God himself tried to sabotage the thing. Such is the case though with The Exorcist, William Friedkin's infamous 1973 horror flick about a pair of priests battling to free a little girl from demonic possession. It's actually kind of funny looking back on the movie now cuz I suspect that modern Hollywood would side with the demon. While the film itself is a tightly wound nightmare about faith, doubt, redemption, and little girls that look like they just visited the world's worst chiropractor, the real horror was going on behind the camera. And believe me when I say this particular cluster [ __ ] was one of biblical proportions. injuries and deaths, food poisoning, malfunctioning equipment, budget overruns, fires that destroyed entire sets. The Exorcist was practically a greatest hits tour for every movie based [ __ ] that it's possible to have to the point where cast and crew genuinely began to believe that the shoot was cursed and even had to bring an actual priest in for protection. Never has the term production hell been more appropriate than right here. So let us learn about the story of the exorcist together, shall we? The story begins in 1971 with the release of Peter Blatty's novel of the same name, which was loosely based on a real life exorcism case from the 1940s. The book struggled to sell until Blatty's controversial appearance on the Dick Cavet show electrified audiences and pretty soon the novel was a bestseller and Warner Brothers had picked up the film rights with Blatty managing to negotiate himself into screenwriting duties. William Friedkin, fresh off the success of the French Connection, was attached to direct with a modest budget of 5 million allocated for the movie. Casting, however, proved to be tricky. The studio wanted big names like Marlon Brandle, Audrey Hetburn, Jack Nicholson, and even Paul Newman. But Frein was adamant. He wanted actors, not stars, and he got them. Max Vonido, a Swedish actor who was only 43 years old at the time, was cast as the elderly father Marin and aged up with some of the best prosthetics that I've ever seen. For most of my life, I honestly believed that guy had just been [ __ ] old for the past 50 years. The role of the younger father Carus initially went to veteran character actor Stacy Keech until Fredin met with stage actor Jason Miller. Miller himself was Catholic and had even studied to be a priest before having a spiritual crisis much like his character. After reading the novel, he flat out told Friedkin, "Caras is me." Pretty soon, he was in and Cech was out. Reagan was a tougher nut to crack, though. The film needed a young actress who looked innocent enough to be sympathetic, but who could also pull off some pretty dark and mature scenes. A bunch of potential candidates were tested out, but none of them really fit the bill. Pamelan Ferdinan was rejected for being too well-known at the time. Denise Nickerson was interested but found the material too dark and soon backed out. Even Jaime Lee Curtis was approached but her mom Janet Lei took one look at the script and said, "Fuck that. No way." Frekin was on the verge of conceding defeat and cast in an older actress when out of the blue an unknown 12-year-old named Linda Blair was brought into his office and immediately impressed him with her mature take on the material. Our screen test with Ellen Buren. Her on-screen mother went so well that Frein declared, "There wasn't one other actress I would have considered." With cast and crew finally ready, it was time to get to work. The budget, $5 million. The schedule, 85 days of shooting. Neither of those things would turn out to be true. First came the fire. The massive three-story McNeel house set built inside a New York warehouse burned to the [ __ ] ground in the middle of the night. The cause? A pigeon flew into a circuit box, shorted the whole thing out, and started an electrical fire that engulfed the building. Really, >> a pigeon did all of that. Not an electrical fault, not arson, not a disgruntled teamster, a bird. Apparently, the only set that survived on damage was Reagan's bedroom, the very room where the demon does his best work. Coincidence? Uh, but okay, fine. Accidents happen. The set was rebuilt, forcing a six-w weekek delay, and a brand new sprinkler system was installed just in case. A sprinkler system that immediately malfunctioned and flooded the entire place, forcing another twoe delay. Damn, talk about bad luck, eh? That wasn't the only technical mishap, either. Some of the exorcism scenes required sudden temperature drops on set, meaning high-powered air cooler units had to be brought in. Unfortunately, they also malfunctioned during filming and instead of cold air, they started blasting actual snow onto the set. It wasn't much fun for the actors either. Linda Blair ended up with a lifelong fear of the cold after spending weeks shooting scenes in sub-zero temperatures wearing just a night gown. Logistics also turned out to be a bit of a problem. The scenes meant to be shot in Iraq were delayed when half the crew were struck down with dissentry and sunstroke and the statue of Pizuzu got lost in transit and ended up in Hong Kong instead of Iraq, forcing two weeks of delays. Fredin himself proved to be a difficult director to work with. On the very first day of shooting, he had a wall removed to create space for a dolly to back up from a shot of frying bacon, but he became fixated on the way the meat curled up while it was cooking and couldn't seem to get it just right. One crew member who was off sick for three days came back to find him still working on the same scene. It wasn't exactly [ __ ] party time for the actors either. He liked to get genuine reactions from his performers, so he'd do neat little tricks like firing off blank gunshots at random times to keep them scared, or having fake vomit projected right into Jason Miller's face without warning him, or even straight up slapping a real priest just before the cameras rolled to shake him up. It wasn't just freaking making life miserable for the actors, either. A scene where Ellen Buren gets yanked backward by a stunt harness and thrown against a wall went badly wrong and jerked her so hard that it fractured her cockix. And they even decided to keep that take in the film because it was so realistic. She had to be on crutches for the rest of the shoot and the injury left her in permanent pain for years afterwards. Linda Blair suffered a fractured spine because she wasn't properly strapped into the bed harness while the thing was shaking like a [ __ ] Bronco. again. She was basically forced to work through the injury and was left in chronic pain for the rest of her life. A carpenter sliced his own thumb off and another technician cut his toe off. This was all bad enough, but then the dying began. First to go was Linda Blair's grandfather who died in the first week of production. Tragic, I know, but that's what old people tend to do, so I guess you could overlook that at least. On the other hand, Max Vonido's brother passed away suddenly on his very first day of shooting, forcing a delay while he traveled back to Sweden to take care of the funeral. The actor Jack McGawan contracted the flu and died shortly after completing his scenes. The actress playing Caris's mother also died midway through production. So did the crew member operating the onset cooling system, who killed over from a heart attack and died immediately. So did a night watchman who was shot and killed while guarding the set. Damn, man. Even Jason Miller's son narrowly avoided death when he got hit by a motorcycle. All this death and destruction was causing two very obvious problems for the studio. The budget was ballooning from an optimistic 5 million to well north of 10. And the shoot, which was supposed to last just 85 days, ended up dragging on for more than 200s. To say the movie was unlucky would be a bit of an understatement. To say it was [ __ ] cursed, would probably be more accurate. In fact, that's exactly what a lot of the cast and crew were starting to believe. Like Satan himself was personally pissed off by this thing and was trying to stop it from getting maids. Damn man, I wish he felt this strongly about Star Wars. He could have struck down TLJ with great vengeance and furious anger and I would have been completely fine with it. The situation got so bad that Freen had to bring in an actual Jesuit priest to bless the set multiple times. Father Thomas Birmingham and others performed blessings on several occasions, mostly to calm the nerves of the crew. But whatever they did, it seemed to work. Nothing demonic happened after their work was complete, apparently. Well, almost. When the movie was screened in Rome for the first time, a 400year-old cross on a church opposite the theater got struck by lightning and went down in flames. Boy, that escalated quickly. I mean, that really got out of hand fast. You just had to get one more jab in, didn't you? Either way, The Exorcist was finally complete and went on wide release in December 1973. And to say that it was a hit really doesn't do the thing justice when audiences weren't fainting, throwing up, or walking out in disgust. They were queuing around the block in freezing winter weather to experience it for the first time. Everyone was talking about it, either to condemn it or praise it. The film went on to make almost 200 million in its initial run with another 200 million later in re-releases, well over a billion dollars in today's money. Jesus, even Marvel movies don't have that kind of pulling power. and it became the first ever horror movie to be nominated for an Academy Awards. Not bad stuff, but was it really cursed? Was Satan personally trying to stop his own PR film? Or was it just 1970s Hollywood at work? Lack safety protocols, an over ambitious director, freezing sets, dodgy wiring, and a bird with a death wish. I'll let you decide. But if you ever find yourself on a horror set and a pigeon starts circling the electrics, get a priest and get the hell out of there. Because sometimes the real devil isn't on screen, it's in the details. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.