What's going on everyone? Jeremy here from the Quartering and a quick housekeeping video because you know when you're wrong you're wrong and uh you should own it and public wrong of somebody should be writed also publicly. So, a couple weeks ago, uh maybe a month or two ago, uh I was talking about kind of the woke Hollywood space, you know, that was and well, used to be my bread and butter, you know, like ah Brie Larson ah race swap, ah woke Batwoman, right? That's where many of my viewers came from. And uh I was discussing on a live stream how that space has fallen off. is basically dead. And um instead of doing the correct thing, which would have been using Google trend data to prove my point, I used channels like Critical Drinker, Geeks and Gamers, Nerd Rotic, and my own to illustrate just basically like, hey, look at this trend, this trend data. You know, it basically does match. If I show the Google trend data again, this is what I should have done. And uh if I go here, basically if we look at searches for like woke movies, woke Hollywood, you can see an absolute peaked in 2023 and has basically been on a steady decline. There's a little bit of a little bump in um December of 2025, but again, it continues to trend down. That's what I should have done or just used my own channel to say, "Hey, you know, these videos don't really bang anymore. You know, people are kind of tired of this." But what I did do is I thought of all the other big channels in the space, Nerd Rotic, Geeks and Gamers, Critical Drinker. I brought up all of their analytics to show essentially this trend data which I could have just showed if I if I you know wasn't being so um just in the moment I was like well let me look at let me use social blade and look at all these channels and see my channel peaked here went down they peaked here went down they peaked here then you know everybody basically going down well what I didn't think about was that these fellas would feel like I was putting them out on blast or saying that their content wasn't good or that you their channels were dying. And that wasn't what I intended at all. But, uh, I understand um that that may have been what happened or, you know, the the outcome of it. And I it [clears throat] was not my intention. And so, there were some hurt feelings. Uh, apparently I'm sorry for that. I I didn't uh it was never my intention to say like, "Oh, Nerretic's content isn't good anymore or Critical Drinker content isn't good anymore." I still enjoy and watch both of them. It's just that the entire space itself is different and or has, you know, gone down. And even if we look at I mean if we just look at you know woke Hollywood woke movies if I add like let's just say like SJW let's look at just SJW data [snorts] right this also you can see it peaked in 2021 at a little bit of peak back in 2023 but basically it's at an all-time low in November again both some something must have happened around the end of November or December where SJW made a little bit of a comeback. Uh but remember this isn't like so like a 100 score on Google Trends is when it was the most popular. It it's not like this doesn't represent like hundreds of millions or like total impressions or total views. Um you look at you know a lot of this other you know we could even look at DEI let's look at DEI right that was hotness for a while this is what I should have been showing look at this DEI very very popular for about two months and then completely dropped off you know what's popular now I I'm not really sure but what I am about is I definitely didn't mean to imply that, you know, their channels were suffering because of anything that they were doing. And so when a couple of them got really mad about it, instead of like saying, "Oh yeah, I guess maybe they did think that I was putting them out on blast." I just kind of brushed it off as people being buttth hurt, which is stupid and wrong. Um because I feel like maybe if somebody, you know, pulled up my channel in front of 10,000 people and was like, "Hey, look at this. He's falling off." Um, I'd probably feel some kind of way about that. I didn't say that. Um, but I 100% understand how people could have taken that. And I I seriously wish nothing but the best for them. And believe me, nobody wants kind of it's this double-edged sword where there are things like the Starfleet Academy, which is woke trash. Um, but there's just not as much kind of woke nonsense out there to discuss. It was great when there was for business, but it wasn't great for Hollywood. you know that we can Yeah, Rings of Power was a flop, but you know, as I look back now, it's like, damn, it would have been cool if Rings of Power was good and not some girl power fantasy. You know, um Starfleet or Starfleet Academy would have been cool if it wasn't all DEI nonsense and you would think, oh, maybe Hollywood's listening. I don't actually think that's the case. I mean, I think that's part of it, but I I think that Hollywood has just gone back to making a bunch of remakes and uh safer stuff. Now, there's been some good movies that have come out in Hollywood over the past four or five years that um I think are great. Um with The Holdovers, it was a great movie. I think Paul Gotti is in that I think. Um I I thought uh Rental Family with Brendan Frasier was very, very good. Um, I thought The Whale with Brennan Frasier was really, really good. I thought there's been more good movies, which I wish was as profitable or as interesting to people to talk about. When I talk about something being awesome, it's really hard for people to care about that. But also, when you've been talking about, you know, woke Hollywood or this, that, or the other thing for four years, eventually people do just move on. And you know, so the purpose of this video is first of all to to clarify my statements to those guys and do so publicly because that's what you should do. You know, you know, private apologies for private transgressions and public apologies for public transgressions. I should have seen I should have been more open to understanding, hey, this is why they're mad as opposed to being like, oh, they're, you know, being weird or something like that. Uh but it does open up the bigger conversation of kind of what is this space even anymore. Um you know the kind of the woke video game battle has been won so to speak. Uh a lot of the companies that were pushing out a lot of the woke video game nonsense they've gone out of business. Now I I' rather they would have made good video games and we still do get great video games occasionally. You know, Expedition 33 was very, very good. Um, I don't know how the new Resident Evil is. People say it's pretty good, but it feels like we're getting more good games now. Um, Arc Raiders very, very popular. Not my style of game. Same thing with the movies. TV. You know, TV is generally filled with woke trash, but it's so spread out now between, you know, Netflix and Peacock and uh Hulu and Paramount Plus and Apple TV. It's actually hard to have any cultural moments anymore, which I find perhaps the most interesting. If we talk about like real cultural moments in in in video games and in entertainment these days, there are so few of them. I mean, Clare Obscura, Expedition 33, that was a big video game, big cultural moment, a lot of news. Name the last movie that like quote unquote everybody was talking about. Black Little Mermaid. Maybe, you know, um the last TV show that everyone was talking about, was it four years ago when Lord of the Rings came out and was a disaster and then everyone just moved on? Um The Tiger Kings, I I suppose Squid Games would probably be something. I think that cultural critique is in a weird spot right now. It's both exciting because more good stuff is coming out and it's also a little odd because you don't really know what you're watching anymore. You know, stuff is less overt with the wokeness stuff, but you just kind of know that it's always there bubbling under the surface and it's always there uh in in Hollywood. And the second that let's say Trump's not in office, it's going to come back. It's going to come back with a vengeance. And that's just the way this cycle works, right? If we look at when this stuff peaked right who was in office, you know, we talk about all-time high 2021 for SJWs. Um, Woke Hollywood all-time high was 2023. Joe Biden was in office. you know, Trump takes over in January 2025 and it's been basically not on people's minds. Although, I wonder what is going on with this weird SJW spike here. I should go back and look at what happened in December. I'm trying to remember. Um, but it is interesting. And this kind of data, I think, is more interesting to viewers than pulling up a particular channel and putting them on blast, which again wasn't my intent, but I apologize. Um, I think all those guys do great work. and I I wish them all the best. And so hopefully that can be the end of uh you know I I don't want to be feuding with anybody publicly or privately especially when we agree on 99% of stuff. And um that's that's just where I'm at. So uh I apologize to you guys and uh if you felt any kind of way about it. I'm not saying all of them like reached out and and spurked out or anything like that, but some of them were pretty mad. And um you know, when you're wrong, you're wrong. And so that's that's what I'll say. So, let's get back uh on the news cycle for the day. I've got lots of interesting stuff. So, I hope you'll enjoy that.