For years, Star Wars fans have been speculating about a mysterious character known as Darth Plegus. And now we know that his inspiration this whole time was Yeah, that's right. So Leslie Hedland had the idea to introduce Pllegus because she watched Lord of the Rings and thought that oh yeah, Darth Pllegus is Gollum. What? This extremely sophisticated, extremely intelligent, patient, powerful being reminds her of Smeaggle. Yeah. Um Okay. Darth Plagus the >> most famously mentioned by Palpatine to Anakin in Revenge of the Sith. Pllegus is a crucial character is not just the Sith lore but Star Wars in general. So when the character appeared in the first time in 2024 Disney Plus show the acolyte the creators knew it was a big deal. On Tuesday, a new book called The Art of Star Wars: The Acolyte by Kristen Baver was released, and it is chock full of incredible behindthe-scenes images and insight about the underappreciated. Do these people ever give reasons as to their claims? It's underappreciated. Okay, tell me how it's underappreciated. What would qualify it to become appreciated? Let's go over that, shall we? But they don't ever want to go there. They just throw out things and claims and it's underappreciated. >> Shut your stupid. >> Okay. How? Why is it qualified to be appreciated? Among the revelations was a quote from series creator Leslie Hedland about how she took inspiration from another iconic franchise in introducing this mega character. She doesn't have to take any inspiration from another franchise to introduce a character that has his own book that has his own backstory. [laughter] Yo, why is she taking inspiration? All right, I'm getting heated. I got to Okay. >> Uh, everything's under control. Situation normal. >> Before we even designed anything, I knew I wanted to do what they did with Gollum in the Fellowship of the Ring. Before we even got into it, I wanted to reduce this extremely intelligent Einstein of a character into [ __ ] Gollum. What do Brussels >> from another franchise? Headed said where you get a sense of this character, the size of the eyes and his coloring, but I didn't want to do something in full-on daylight. When you see his hand move with your point of view being the main characters, it feels like you know about the threat before the main characters do. Uh, you mean foreshadowing? That's very much what happens in the finale of the season and most likely the series at this point. Yeah. Um, pretty much got that by episode one, I would say. If not once they mentioned the thread, I knew that there was that you could kind of sum that up. Yeah, definitely. for the whole show. I I had a bad feeling about this. Absolutely. I knew that there was a major threat before we concluded the entire series where Pllegus creepily enter and that's Plus isn't a creep. He's a methodical. He's a science-based powerhouse brain intellectual. Like he like if Palpatine is like eight steps ahead of everyone else, he is like 15 steps ahead of everyone else. And I would even argue that he foresaw his death and knew that it was coming. But we can argue that at a different time. At the end of the day, we can't argue the fact that he was extremely intellectual. And up until the point that Palpatine got the jump on him by making him drunk, he had to literally dumb him down and make his senses completely numb by giving him copious amounts of alcohol in order to get the jump on him. That is how much of a threat Pllegus was to arguably the smartest, most patient, most cunning, and most sinister Sith Lord in all of Star Wars history, the Emperor Darth Cidius himself. Hinting at the many, many more stories to come. Stories that now we probably won't see. Thank God. But were in the works. Yeah, let's let's put a fork in that and call it done. >> I mean, a big ass fork. Uh, VFX supervisor Julian Fod also notes in the book that the look of the character was crucial. We looked at a lot of reference of moon creatures characters from the prequels, the Clone Wars, and some game art. He said, "Leslie didn't want to give too much away. We just want to see the flash of a character. The casual viewer might not even notice him or know it's Darth Pllegus." So, it wasn't so much about designing the character, but designing the shots around that direction. Really, you just see a couple of long fingers and a little shaft of light hit his face. It's just enough to tell us he isn't human. So, is that what she's talking about? That it was inspired by Smeaggel like the the shots like how we saw Smeaggle that he like that's even then it's absolutely ridiculous. We should not be seeing Pllegus in some sort of a uh dingy dungey cave kind of hiding out creepily as even this uh article likes to put it which just shows you exactly what Leslie was going for to make him look like a absolute creep. Whether we'll actually get to see the tragedy of Darth Pllegus the Wise play out in Star Wars is unlikely, but I hope it's likely by someone competent who understands and respects George Lucas' writing and characters and doesn't just want to intersect her own sort of uh oh, this looked cool from this iconic film. So, let me uh throw that in there. I assume now that she's talking about the shot and how it was actually shot in the cinematics around that, but I I don't think in any sort of way did she understand even who Pllegus is. And he's not supposed to be depicted as some sort of anything to do with Smeaggle or Gollum at all. I mean, the the the two characters couldn't be further from each other really. Read more in The Art of Star Wars: The Acolyte, which is now on bookshelves and is available for your purchase in that link. Uh, I might even buy this book, man, to just make content out of it because there is probably it's probably riddled with a bunch of absolutely insane claims and things that they were having in their minds when they went to make this absolutely horrible garbage show and call it Star Wars and then blame Star Wars fans and pretend that, oh yeah, it's just all the racist, sexist people who didn't like this show. the usual card that they like to pull on people by selecting maybe, you know, 0.02% of actual [ __ ] out there who are racist and sexist and then brandishing all of us as that just good-hearted, you know, families who are watching the accolade and saying this is this sucks. I guess they're all racist and sexist too, right? Like it is absolutely ridiculous. Yeah. Let me know if I should. [ __ ] I really enjoyed the acolyte, but this was the biggest waste of a reveal likely ever. Like I am not a super fan. I have read and know mostly nothing about the EU, but I think he is a big deal. And in terms of the show, it's hinted. So, even this dude who likes the show and admits they don't know anything about the extended universe thinks this was bad portrayal of incorporating such a legendary character in such a big deal. In terms of the show, it's hinted at or indicated he was the big bad pulling the strings. So, we got a reveal. I don't think it was planned as a oneanddone. I think we were planning on continuing the story. So, Pllegus was just the final episode cliffhanger for people to talk about until the next season, but then it got axed. Why did it get axed? Maybe so, but this is why I kind of hate screaming. Like, unless you know you have another season coming, do not drop a major reveal. And yeah, I mean, that kind of really opens me up to something that I talked about a little bit ago, the fact that these shows really don't predicate themselves on telling a story. It's more so just about, hey, let's drop this in there. Let's see the fan consensus, and then we'll go from there. If it's good, we'll continue with it. If it's bad, we're going to drop it and pretend like it never happened. Win-win. And that's really the issue. It's really based on ratings and whatnot. And I get it. You want to create something that's going to make you money back, especially when you spend, you know, $250 or $300 million on the acolyte. You want it to make you money. You don't want it to be just a tax writeoff and to then represent the brand poorly. But why not just focus on telling a story kind of like how it was already done in the EU and you can build upon that. Don't go changing stuff around and then blaming the fans for not liking it. If we've learned anything about streaming, a canceled show can come back years later. Just leave the threads there dangling. Yeah, leave the threats. >> Becklessly downvote me if I'm misrec with plagus in the acolyte was that the twin sisters were generated by the force coven using the force. So this is how Plleagus cribs how to use the force to generate. [laughter] Yeah. Yeah. Plaggus uh got that whole idea because of uh Mother Ana and uh OSHA and May. That's how that's that was Plaggus' inspiration. He was learning learning from them. Learning from Leslie Hedland. >> I think it's canon that R2-D2 is is a lesbian >> which Palpatine eventually steals to create Vader. Yeah. No. If the creators knew it was a big deal when the character appeared for the first time, it certainly didn't feel that way because they kind of blew it. Damn. It's like even Acolyte fans are kind of stepping up against this being like, "Yeah, this doesn't really make sense." Darth Vader's interaction walking through the smoke into a corridor and immediately setting him up as one of the most memorable villains in cinema history with his helmet, dark clothing, and unnatural breathing. And if you remember, he ends up freaking being a badass and strangling. If this is a consularor ship, where is the ambassador? >> The Emperor's introduction appears as an ominous hologram and is the first person we've seen Vader bow before, showing that this guy is not someone to be trifled with. And I love that in movies. It's when you establish a villain and you think this guy is really just evil and then he ends up like bowing to someone else. And so that shows you that there's even someone greater, right? And that's what I kind of liked about The Force Awakens was, "Yeah, okay. You have Kylo." And then he goes to this giant hologram of Snoke, and it's like, "Oh, okay, cool. All right." And then they screwed that up. Darth Maul's interaction appears on a hologram, partially cloaked in darkness, silent and scowlling, showing that this guy means business. Plaggus' interruption, peeking out of a random cave on a random planet for some reason. Very well done, guest, whoever you are. I think the emperor had a different introduction. No, that was the first introduction that we ever had of the emperor and it was actually originally uh what was his name? Clive Owens, I think it was. Um and they used part of his face and they used the face of a monkey and then eventually they changed it to Ian McDermad. 10 plus years later, still unbelievable it is. What a mess of Star Wars Disney has made. Master Yoda. Okay, there we go. Dash Rendar, nice to see you. Plaggus the Wise isn't like Gollum. Yes, Plaggus is a Sith Lord, one of the most powerful. Gollum is a damaged and deranged coward driven by fear and addiction to the ring. Plaggus wouldn't be skullking fearfully in a cave trying to escape the notice of some slight wannabe. Somebody didn't understand the comparison. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Damn. Seven down votes acolyte fans on this. Uh what is this publication? Gizmodo. Okay. A lot of people, myself included, stopped watching the acolyte because it just wasn't very good. I know it has some fans here. So, it's a pity that they had the story be mostly about whatever the hell gestures the thing with the twins was since if they led with a show about a Sith mastermind instead, maybe it would have done better and hy the amount of females in Star Wars. No, Chud's complaining about the show. I really wanted to like it, but it was such a stink. Okay, so this guy clearly also like he probably enjoys some of the Disney shows, but like this right here. Yeah, I totally get it, man. There's definitely some guys out there who are just like completely put off by females in Star Wars. And um I don't understand it. You know, I I think that females have always been a part of Star Wars. I think Princess Leia, and I grew up watching the original trilogy. That was the first Star Wars I saw. Princess Leia was a major badass in the original trilogy. She did handle a lot of [ __ ] She was a boss. She was a [ __ ] boss. Man boss, girl boss. She was a boss. And she handled [ __ ] when the guys wouldn't do it. And it was her and the males, the protagonists together, forming a team, an alliance, and they all used their attributes and their their strengths, and they came together, and they defeated the enemy, and they all put their heads together. And I think that that's something especially that George has always taught us is that, you know, going back to that clip that he said, >> I said, you can't just put a woman in pants and expect her to be a hero. You know, they can wear dresses. They can wear whatever they want. It's their brains and their ability to think and do and plan and be logistical and you know that's that's what the hero is >> with what George said and that you can't just like expect women to be extremely good at something because they're just women and you can't expect men to be good at something just cuz they're men. These are characters and the whole reason of watching them on screen is to feel empowered. It's to feel motivated that these larger than-l life characters, these fictional characters that we look up to, we're watching them through this story and we're seeing what they go through. And through what they go through, we can kind of mirror that with our life and our own trials and tribulations, our own downfalls, and to see, hey, they got through it in a much more positive way, let's say, or in a more heroic way or in a more triumphant way that they came back. They didn't give up. You know, it wasn't just handed to them like that, like a participation trophy. They failed and they failed and they failed. And that is so part of life. It's just you fail at. Do you know how many things I've failed at? Do you know how many things you all of the you the people watching this have failed at? Right now, everyone watching this has failed at so many different things. But that is part of life. And through failure, you eventually succeed because you fine-tune what doesn't work and what does and then you go on and so forth. So, you know, yeah, I don't really understand those guys that just like think, oh yeah, cuz there's females in Star Wars. Like, that shouldn't happen. It's the same kind of [ __ ] as like, oh, if there, you know, there's there's people that are racist or and sexist that don't like Star Wars for those reasons. Those are just a small minority in my opinion. Like, those aren't the Star Wars fans that I grew up with. No real fan, like no actual normal Star Wars fan gives a crap about gender, race, or any of that [ __ ] They just care about a good story. I mean, everyone liked Lando. Everyone liked Leia. Everyone liked Padme. Everyone liked Mace [ __ ] Wu. Everyone liked Yoda, who's a goddamn green frog. Okay, none of this [ __ ] actually matters to normal people, but Star Wars and and all of these other people out there that just want to like [ __ ] on anybody who has an opinion different than them want to use that small ass minority and just say that, oh, that's all of you guys who don't like they don't like it. Well, yeah, you don't like it either. Well, that's all of you guys. You guys I don't know why they don't just say like, oh, well, maybe those people are actually sexist and racist. They just don't like it because of the majority of people who don't like it for very valid reasons. But they just take that and wash it all over because they don't actually have an argument that would stand against someone who has a brain, right? They may win against these people who are saying, "Oh, females must wars." No. Yeah, sure. Cuz they're [ __ ] stupid. Or people who are saying like, "Oh, they're racist or whatever." Like, yeah, those people don't have [ __ ] brains to appreciate anything on a storybased level. They're just looking at the physical and judging it based on that. That's not the collective. That is not the majority of Star Wars fans out there and that's definitely not how I grew up in comic book shops where we were talking about freaking aliens and [ __ ] like that with Star Wars. So, you know, we got to stop focusing on the very very small minority of people just like the very small minority of Acolyte fans out there who want this show to return. There's a large majority out there who really has good points as to why this show sucked and they voted with their wallets. They just didn't watch. They simply didn't give it the watch time. Not out of spite, but because it just didn't interest them. They turned away. So, even this guy is saying, "But it was such a stinker that I it put people off starting Skeleton Crew, which turned out to be a much better show." And it did. Yeah. So, this is just another stupid take. And and to be very fair now that I get to the end of this article, I feel like she probably just was taking inspiration from the way Gollum was shot, but even that just really doubles down on the fact that she did not understand the character whatsoever. Because Pllegus is not hiding away in some dingy, dark cobweb fililled, moist ass cave, spying on some random nobody to get inspiration on how OSHA and May were created by the Force, by a bunch of witches in some random ass part of the galaxy who call the Force the Thread and are able to manipulate it. Like, please get a grip, Leslie. Stop trying to make that a thing. Just you should have just respected George's story, not tried to go off on some tangent [ __ ] and create your own thing and like intersected in there and just created something that was really embodying what George created, embodying what George wrote and just building upon that. And if you really wanted to do the least amount of work but still make it a very successful show, you should have just adapted the Pllegus novel because I feel like that had everything you wanted in there and it was very wellreceived and a lot of fans really loved it and it just made sense and it was akin to what Plaggus was. So you could have put him anywhere else. You could have put him maybe ah [ __ ] I mean, you could have put him in in some sort of a if you wrote a high class sort of area scene where maybe there were a lot of bankers or a lot of, you know, wealthy people or politicians or perhaps a banking clan. You could have done that, but you decided to put him in some random ass stinky cave as some weird dweller who's just nah, it didn't hit. And that's why a lot of people didn't watch the show anymore and they're just ridiculing it and rightfully so. What do you guys think about the acolyte? What do you guys think about Plaggus taking inspiration from Smeaggel? >> Wiz the acolyte season two. >> Have a great day, guys. May the force be with you always. [music] >> Now fulfill your destiny. [music] Heat.