This documentary is a big success. We're going to get official numbers from Amazon later this morning. But already, according to the projections that are circulating in the film industry, this is the number one documentary in terms of box office ticket sales in about a decade. Another day of the mainstream media completely showing you exactly who they are. And it's all centered around the first lady, Melania Trump. She had a documentary released this weekend titled Melania. and they all claimed it was going to be a massive failure. We even got early reports that Melania is on track to flop domestically and earn 2 to 5 million on its opening weekend. They were already celebrating the disaster known as Melania because they all say to respect women, but as soon as they can target a woman that goes against their narrative, they love to celebrate that. But the problem is it backfired completely. Melania humiliates media exceeds expectations with best documentary box office opening in a decade. But that didn't stop the mainstream media and the shill critics from reviewbombing Melania Trump's documentary. As you can see right here, the mainstream shields really hate women because they are targeting her and they are reviewbombing her film with a 10% on the tomato meter. But guess what? The audience has responded with a 99% approval rating because the audience doesn't hate women, but the shill critics, the mainstream critics absolutely despise women. Um, first lady Melania Trump's documentary has stunned Hollywood and the entertainment world. The documentary opened with a projected 8.1 million in weekend sales and could exceed 9 million. The New York Times reports that Melania is the best opening uh weekend for a documentary in 14 years. As expected, the legacy media brutalized the first lady. The Atlantic called it a horror movie and a disgrace. Vanity Fair said it was a it was bad propaganda. Uh, and PMS now said it was actually worse than they had predicted. Uh, NPR predicted it would be a financial flop. Ironic seeing how they lost all of their taxpayer funded support. Congratulations to Mrs. Trump for the successful documentary and also for triggering the legacy media. Well done, ma'am. Um, even CNN had to admit that it was a success. >> This documentary is a big success. We're going to get official numbers from Amazon later this morning. But already, according to the projections that are circulating in the film industry, this is the number one documentary in terms of box office ticket sales in about a decade. This documentary is another example of the red blue divide. We've seen ticket sales be a whole heck of a lot stronger uh in Republican stronghold areas than we have in big blue cities, and that was to be expected. Very, very awesome to see. So, anyway, there you have it. uh another another situation where the media just projects all of this stuff onto the fans. Um and those that preached the loudest have the most to hide. So this is a group of people. Now if that would say 99% for the uh tomato meter and 10% for the audience, you would see mainstream headlines telling you how the fans are racist and sexist and toxic and all of that. You know, you would be seeing that. Um, and we've seen it time and time again. I can't tell you how many times we have seen this nonsense over and over again from them. And yet, here we are, uh, with this uh, a film from the first lady who is very respectable, very classy, very elegant. And you have them trying to slander her and lie about her and celebrate when they thought that it was going to be uh, a flop, but it turned out to backfire on them completely. You guys let me know your thoughts in the comments below.