Mhm. [laughter] >> I love your face. >> Mhm. >> Yeah. >> Best season ever. [laughter] >> Um, >> what does it mean to be happy? >> Really? [laughter] >> Um, yeah. It's I I I I think I think I hope the [laughter] audience >> like I got to be honest the the like when everyone had to be like and it won't and me and me and me and I was like is that going to work? >> I just saw my ending and thought oh and then I walked away very slowly. >> I do I think the fans are reading in too much into it. I read too much into it so maybe not odd maybe not. I am in I think Stranger Things survive. [laughter] Haven't seen it. >> The series finales that have disappointed us over the years. This is something Matt and Ross and I have talked about because those are heartbreaks when you invest in characters and story for years of your life and then they fail you at the end by being either tonedeaf to what brought you to that moment or disloyal to the spirit [music] that made you love that storytelling. Uh, that's such a bitter disappointment. It [music] sticks with you. >> I hate all of this. >> Nerdroic.com. Greetings you over 1 million Heliens and the 40% who haven't subscribed yet. After waiting three full years for Stranger Things season 4 and then another three years, Stranger Things season 5 has finally arrived. And if you're not sure whether or not Stranger Things is important to Netflix or not, season 5's reported budget is between 400 and 480 million. That's almost a half a billion to you and me and roughly $50 to $60 million per episode. Currently, there's a movie out in the theaters right now, Avatar 3: Fire and Ass, that will probably be at a billion dollars by the time this video is released, and the only thing anyone's talking about is Stranger Things. But it might not be in the way Netflix hoped, including unintentionally creating the most memeable moment of 2025 and slipping it in the end. >> Truth is, I am [snorts] I am different. I I >> I'm Goofy Goober. >> Now, many are comparing it to Game of Thrones season 8, which may or may not be a fair comparison. Stay tuned to the end of the video. Because as HBO, George R. Martin, and Dumb and Dumber found out, it's not how you start, it's how you finish. Am I right, ladies? At least Game of Thrones was a quality show for multiple seasons. And the same cannot be said for Stranger Things. Because things with Stranger Things are strange. Without a doubt, it's a cultural phenomenon, the closest thing Netflix has to a water cooler show and maybe the last of its kind. It's strange because it's one of the few and rare Netflix shows that actually gets past a second season. And despite Netflix's ADHD release strategy that, believe me, will get to. It is one of the very few shows that's not only been able to maintain popularity, but actually gain it. which again is strange considering no one would say that this has been a consistently good show and no one would call it high art. A cynical point of view would be that it's just nostalgia bait the TV show and 80s greatest hits album done by a cover band released at a perfect time when8s nostalgia was hitting the cultural zeitgeist. Nostalgia bait the show or not what they did they did well as somebody who grew up in the8s they really nailed the look and the feel but what it did best was its character work. Everyone rooted for Hopper, Joyce 11, Michael, Lucas, Dustin, Jonathan, Nancy, and yes, Will. And the show was at its best when they had an antagonist to focus on, like Brener or Vecna in a setting that gave Jan X everything they love, including but not limited to the music, the malls, the roller rinks, the skateboards, the BMX bikes, the comic books, the video games, the parents that smoked. It borrowed heavily from Spielberg movies and Stephen King books. Conspiracy theories like MK Ultra and Stranger Things significantly fueled the Dungeons and Dragons resurgence. Season 1 was magnificent. Season two regressed, but had a good ending. Season 3 was corny and ridiculous. And even though they got repetitive with things like Joyce going from crazy lady putting lights around the house to crazy lady putting art around the house and regressing Hopper from an earnest character on a redemption arc to a complete buffoon, mainly Michael, Steve, Dustin, Lucas, and season 2 Nancy held it together. But season 4 was a return to form and that had everything to do with the two missing elements from Stranger Things thus far. proper 80s metal head representation with Eddie and an antagonist that would finally put a face on the evil of the upside down Vcna. Admittedly recconed in later on because everything they were doing with the mind flare wasn't going anywhere and it worked. And it also didn't hurt that somehow Brener returned and somehow Hopper returned. The adults were separated from the children going on their little Russian adventure and the kids were separated. There was team 11 where she was trying to get back her powers. Team Buyers with Michael and Argyle who were trying to get back home to Hawkins and find L. And team Eddie were Dustin and company were trying to protect him from a town that thought he was committing all the grizzly murders. And season 4 accomplished a lot. Eddie became a fan favorite. They made Max likable and it put Kate Bush back on the charts. Unfortunately, two of the characters that were doing a lot of the heavy lifting for season 4 died, Brener and Eddie. Ultimately, at the end though, our team did get back together. And it's at this point you would think the writers of Stranger Things would do a time jump considering it took three years to get the season out. And it's not just a show, it's a Netflix show starring children. But after our ever growing team of heroes gets back together, they view a Hawkins that has been completely split open. And as they stare off into the distance, it looks like all hell is going to break loose and the final battle is upon us. Which would make a time jump impossible. And how did they start season 5? With a time jump. No, not one that was long enough to sufficiently explain all the characters aging, but it was one to sufficiently explain all that quarantine weight Hopper put on. And that's really the only thing that sufficiently explained in part one because after 3 years and $480 million, allowing the Duffer brothers more time to do things like bring our characters to a somewhat satisfying conclusion while thoroughly explaining the upside down and finishing Vecna's origin, culminating in a thrilling conclusion. Instead, we got hour-long episodes. That's pretty standard for streaming that managed to be way too long and slow and feel rushed all at the same time. Season 5 starts out with a flashback, one of many this season going back to the night Will was abducted. And we find out that the demigorgid was instructed specifically to find Will by Vecna. That's obviously how they had it planned all along. An explicit horror scene that led to some political pundits who don't normally cover pop culture to misread this scene as SA over just plain old assault and express outrage. And it's not like Netflix hasn't earned this reputation, but this one was premature because they were portraying an older male monster who was pure evil victimizing younglings. A rare, unintentionally accurate portrayal from Netflix. But like I said, it's premature because later on they'll have something to legitimately complain about. But after that, we're back into present day in the timeline 1987. And that's right, at the end of season 4, after looking off in the distance at the apocalypse, everybody just must have went back home. But now that I think about it, remember Agent Stinson who dropped off Joyce and Hopper at the end of season 4? I guess she didn't notice the apocalypse and just kind of off. Anyway, it's 18 months later in Hawkins, Indiana, and the entire town is under quarantine, and nobody gets in or out without the military's leave. This would be international news. How does the rest of the world feel about it? No idea. This is something that could probably be explained with a couple of expository news clips. It's not like the Duffer brothers haven't done this in previous seasons, and I am bewildered why they didn't do it here, considering how expository this show is. But we do get some assorted details from, you guessed it, an exposition scene from Rockin Robin, who's now a DJ and one of the main characters of the show. He tells us that Hawkins is essentially a military state and the reason for a quarantine after what was a natural disaster is due to all the upside down dandruff everyone was breathing in. There's mandatory medical checks. There's no go zones and all those cracks in the earth that formed around Hawkins where the hordes of the upside down were most surely about to come out of at the end of season 4. Well, they just covered them up with metal plates. And never mind the fact that this is Rock and Robin's 500th episode and she's giving the towns people of Hawkins a bunch of information they already know. This was clearly for the viewer, but essentially things are just back to normal. And at least Robin got to slip in that she's going on a date, one that, unbeknownst to the citizenry of Hawkins, would be a lesbian date. The buyers now live with the Wheelers. Lucas is still sad because Max is still in a coma. The actor playing Lucas is still sad because he went from a primary character to a supporting character whose sole purpose is just to be worried or sad about Max. Speaking of sad, Dustin is still upset that Eddie died. So are we. RIP. NY's gone from an intrepid reporter who was pretty good with guns into a brilliant military tactician. Jonathan is still useless, whiny, and gayer than Will. Will is still gay. Michael still doesn't know Will is gay. Opera is quarantine weight is training L in a montage scene that they probably should have left to the stunt woman. Joyce just stands or sits around looking concerned. And it's at this point I'd like to remind you that it's only been 18 months since the end of season 4. That's right, 18 months for L, Michael, Lucas, Dustin, Will, and a particularly rough 18 months for Robin. And because it's the final season, and God knows this show needs it, we're introduced to more new characters like Timothy McVey and a new batch of evil military guys. and the person who will eventually become the fearless leader of this special forces unit in 1987. A woman played by Linda Hamilton playing a man trying to outdo her insufferable performance as the anti-natalist Sarah Connor in Terminator Dark Fate and she pulls it off. Never mind the fact that a show that's supposed to be in the 80s has completely forgotten that women weren't commanding special forces in 1987. Then there's our brand new primary protagonist, who technically isn't a new character, but she might as well be. The recast Holly Wheeler, who you know, Mike and NY's cute little sister, who was last seen playing with a lightbrite in season 4 and arguably the best character of season 5, Dip Derek, >> and not [ __ ] Derek anymore. I'm delightful Derek. >> And no, I'm not worried at all that they're adding to an already bloated cast. and I'm sure it won't get in the way of things like properly explaining the mechanics of the upside down and VCNA's origin and leading to things like a rushed ending to get to a prolonged epilogue. Now, normally I think Netflix's recent release strategy with their bigger shows breaking them up into parts is the worst compromise between the binge model and releasing them weekly. But in this case, in theory, I think releasing it over Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year's was pretty smart. as long as they focus on the core group and don't waste a bunch of time on characters they introduced in later seasons or running around on meandering cockami plans that are occasionally interrupted with some forced heartto-heart and an exposition dump for the secondary viewers. What is secondary viewing or second screening? It's when the viewers use a second device like a phone or a tablet while watching content on their primary TV screen engaging with related content like social media, polls, games or shopping which has led to streaming shows to incorporate show and tell dialogue to keep distracted viewers engaged. Unfortunately, parts one and two are filled with all of that. Remember when the upside down was a dangerous place and you had to wear a hazmat suit? Well, now that the military has quarantined Hawkins, they've established a base in the upside down right next to the McDonald's. So, they can search for Eleven, who they haven't found in the small town of Hawkins, Indiana, despite being again quarantined and filled with surveillance cameras. Eleven is laying low with Joyce and Hopper, who she is once again having a strange relationship with because Hopper is being overprotective due to the loss of his daughter. I thought we dealt with that in earlier seasons, but here we are again. While the military is hunting 11, our team of Steve, Robin, Jonathan, Will Lucas Mike Dustin Hopper Joyce, and 11 are hunting Vecna, who was last seen being shot, burned, and thrown out of a thirdstory window. Pretty tough guy. He must be hard to kill. And not so much as a demogorgan, a demi bat, or a demi dog has been seen since. While at the hospital visiting the Comeomaos Max with Lucas, Will catches Robin being a lesbian. Normally, I wouldn't even recap that scene, but the writers wanted to make it very important to the story, and you'll find out later. Speaking of Robin, her being a DJ at the radio station, aside from being extremely annoying, actually serves a purpose. Rock and Robin and the gang use the local radio station to send coded messages for crawls. Crawls are where they sneak Hopper into the upside down through a very special and secret entrance because apparently it's too difficult to find someone with, I don't know, superpowers who could move the metal plates and get in wherever they want. And I want you to keep in mind that in the 18 months since season 4, they've done 30 crawls. And what they're looking for is Vecna's hideout, which they haven't found. Dustin is beaten up by a bunch of jocks because he's wearing a Hellfire Club t-shirt because half or most of the town still believes Eddie was responsible for the murders. Sure hope they circle back to resolve that. Anyway, General Nancy, who was now a master tactician, is coordinating the next crawl with her little brother, Michael, the very same crawl that Dustin's not going to be able to make because he got his ass kicked. And everything goes sideways while Hopper is hiding in one of the trucks in a military convoy. A demogorgan attacks and kills everyone except for Hopper, who barely escapes with his life. Now, Will can witness all this because he has a new power. He can see through the demogorgan's eyes, and he can also see that it's heading for the Wheeler house, and it's there to abduct Holly Wheeler. Now, Will knows this. Time is of the essence. Yet, he takes the time for a dramatic pause before he tells Nancy. Now, the demogorgan, who just took out a military convoy with ease, swipes aside Mr. Wheeler, but has a little more trouble with the wine mom and her wine bottle. stay away from my daughter [music] >> before abducting Holly. Nancy and Eleven show up moments too late, but Eleven goes through the portal left by the demigorgan where she reunites with Hopper. And as they both search for Holly, they end up hitting a massive meat wall that forms a perfect circular perimeter around Hawkins that apparently our trusty team of teenagers and adults missed on the 30 previous crawls. What is this giant meat wall? Oho, we'll get to that. Meanwhile, the mortally wounded Wheelers are sent to the hospital. Now, why would a demogorgan want Holly of all people? Well, Nancy and Mike suspect it might be her imaginary friend, Mr. What's it? Why didn't I mention it before? Because it's a complete waste of time. Mr. Watza is Vecna. And I can hear you now, dear viewer. They've already introduced a bunch of new characters, and you'd be right, but this one was obvious. Yet, the Duffer brothers spent an exorbitant amount of time on this. So, Mr. Watson is Vecna, and El can't sense his presence because he's somewhere behind the meat wall. And Will can not only see through the demogorgans, he can see through the eyes of Vecna's victims because he can see through the eyes of Vecna. And prior to this, because the Duffer brothers wanted to make this a critical part of the story, Robin tries to convince Will that she wasn't being a lesbian when she was being a lesbian. And there's some forced scenes between Jonathan and Steve competing for NY's affection and Steve being mad at Dustin, which is the only thing that actually goes somewhere, but they're barely worth mentioning. In the meantime, Joyce remains concerned, and Lucas is still sad about Max. Hopper does get shot in the upside down, but he shakes off that injury pretty quickly. And that's going to be a theme for this series because somehow the Wheelers are still alive despite Karen getting her throat slashed and being disembowled. And Ted Wheeler, who's in a coma after having his chest ripped open. And let's take a brief moment here to acknowledge the bravery of one [music] Ted Wheeler, a man who stood up to save his family. And what does he get for his trouble? He ends up in a coma and his cheating wife, ungrateful bacon thieving children, a homeless family he takes in. And the writers of this show don't give him a second thought. We salute you, Ted. Meanwhile, Hopper and Eleven, who have essentially been sidelined in this show, are still [ __ ] around in the upside down after failing to breach the meat wall, they're ambushed by a bunch of soldiers, and Hopper kills a half a dozen servicemen with families and take Timothy McVey hostage. Now, after Hopper tells him he would kill more servicemen with families to save 11, they torture him and find out that his boss is the very angry Linda Hamilton playing a dude. Now, it's extremely important for me to point out there's yet another conversation between Will and Robin about her being a lesbian. Now, the purpose behind all these scenes will eventually come out. And now that we've established that Mr. What's it is actually Henry or Vecna, we also find out that he's targeting children. And the next one is [ __ ] Derek Turnbo. Will is able to see this through his gayar sense. Then Will, Nancy, Mike, and Lucas arm themselves with weapons Murray is able to smuggle in pretty easily. And they concoct a plan to have Robins steal some benzo from the hospital and then enlist Lucas's little sister, Erica, because everybody loves her, to drug Dererick's family because she used to be friends with Dererick's sister and then use Derrick as bait to trap and track the Demigorgan to rescue Holly. The now drugged and unconscious Turnbo family is taken to a barn and tied up. After setting up a trap at the Turbo house, Michael, Lucas, and Jonathan are able to distract the demogorgan long enough so Nanbo can shoot it with a tracker and follow it to the upside down. Unfortunately, Derek wakes up and it alerts the demogorgan to him in the barn. And as it's about to attack Joyce, Will is able to stop the demogorgan with his gayar. Now, everybody in the show is assuming that Holly is trapped somewhere in the upside down when in truth, she is trapped, well, in a couple of places, and one of them is Henry Creel/vecna's mind where she runs into Max. And you know what this means, everybody, get excited. We're going to get some more Kate Bush running up that hill. [music] Max tells Holly they are in fact in Henry's memories, a place Max has been since her brief death and coma. And while Max is walking through Henry's memory, we find out that he went to school with Joyce and Hopper. Nobody's acknowledged this in the show, but if you did fly to New York or London and see the play, you would know about it. And yes, there is a play Stranger Things: The First Shadow. More on that later. Now, Dustin and Steve, who have been essentially arguing all season along with Jonathan and Nancy, finally catch up to the demigorgan after Will fights it off and track it into the upside down in the hopes of finding Holly. Now, as Will fought off the demigorgan, he was able to see that Holly and two other children were abducted, and they're in some mysterious place that doesn't look like the upside down, but it does look like there's more room for more children. Speaking of children, angry Linda Hamilton detains any potential child victims between the ages of 9 and 11 after noticing a pattern after the three children that have been abducted thus far. And she wants to use them as bait to lure in 11. And I want you to keep in mind that the military, who had access to all of Brener's files and previous work, has no idea who Henry Creel/VCNA is, much less the demigorgans, demi bats, and demi dogs, because their entire motivation is to get 11 so they can weaponize her and or the upside down. And the fact that they're just rolling back to the one-dimensional military who just wants to weaponize everything while not building on Brener's or Dr. Owen's previous work tells you everything you need to know about this season. Speaking of Dr. Owens, pretty important character. I wonder if we'll see him later in the upside down. Steve, Dustin, Jonathan, and Nancy make contact with Hopper and 11. And thanks to streaming content made for secondary viewing, the show provides a quick recap of what they're up to. >> We're in here to track a demogorgan using our telemetry tracker only to then hit a wall. Literally. Now, Steve's Beamer is stuck, so we need L to come and pry it loose using her power so we can then resume the search for said demogorgan, which will in theory lead us to Holly. Does any of this make sense? Do you need additional details, questions, concerns? Oh, I have many, but they still have plenty of time to answer them. Anyway, Dustin's theory is that the giant meatball is some sort of a shield, and it must have some sort of a shield generator, just like in Return of the Jedi with the Death Star. Remember Return of the Jedi? And this dark magic shield generator is in Hawkins lab in the upside down. Just exactly how did Dustin come up with this theory? Don't know, but alls they have to do is find it and destroy it. Back to Hopper and Eleven because they're on a mission. After 11 tortured Timothy McVey, they think that the military is holding Vecna because she sensed a powerful psychic presence. But when they arrive at the base, an alarm is tripped and a sonic weapon suppresses Eleven's powers. After Hopper either kills or at the very least is responsible for the death of a completely innocent worker and then takes out a couple of more servicemen with families, he has a fight with Timothy McVey and then he gets caught by an upside down tentacle and tortured by osteoporosis Linda Hamilton. But then we get one of the most satisfying scenes of the series. I'll be quick. Now, why doesn't Hopper just shoot at the sonic weapon that's suppressing Eleven's powers? No idea. But they're running out of time, so this gives us time for another Hopper fake out death. But not to worry, and spoilers, you don't have to worry about any character really. Hopper is back because the power cut out. And then they run into the last character anyone wanted to see return in the Stranger Things series. No, the military wasn't holding VCNA captive. They had number eight, Callie, from season 2, who was in what used to be the worst episode of the entire series. But fortunately for her, it will be dethroned this season. Now, knowing Vecna was going to abduct the kids the military detained, Jesus wept. This video is going to be 45 minutes long just because I have to name every character in the show. Joyce, Robin, Lucas, Michael, and Will concoct a plan to use Derek to abduct the children that the military detained. >> I like Dick. >> All while Steve, Dustin, Jonathan, and Nancy are searching for Holly. And Hopper with Eleven reunites with Kaye. And let's not forget that Max's mind is with Holly's mind trapped in Henry's memories. So, as Joyce, Robin, Lucas, Michael, Will, and Murray along with Derek try to save the children from the military, Beckna returns with the demogorgans, determined to outdo Hopper's body count. And the demogorgans, including one that was having a really hard time with a wine mom, slaughter all the military servicemen with families quite easily. I mean, except of course for the ones that got hit by friendly fire. Like, what the hell's going on here? Vecna takes a moment from the slaughter to monologue to Will. He tells them he's taking the children to reshape a new world because they're weak. just like Will was. And he broke so easily. And he was the one that made all of this possible because Will was the first. And that sounds creepy enough, but considering Vecna knows that Will has the power to see through his eyes, he should probably just kill him right here. But he doesn't. And here's the moment we've all been waiting for where all the conversations with the lesbian Robin and admittedly a pep talk for Mike come into play. Will is able to fully tap into his powers when he realizes it's okay to be gay. And I did not mean for that to rhyme. When all seems lost and demogorgans are descending on Lucas, Robin, and Michael, he not only stops them, he crushes them. Now, I think giving Will powers here is good, and they can finally do something with his character, but the way they got here was laughable. But the worst is yet to come, for lack of a better description. Unfortunately, Will and the gay were not able to save the children who wake up in Henry's mind, and they are convinced Henry's done this to save them, except Holly and Derek, who distracts Henry. So Holly can once again meet with Max again. They are trapped in Henry's memory and they're very safe in this cave because this is the one place he refuses to go. And this seems to be a pretty important aspect of Henry/VCNA's origin. Be a real shame if they didn't fully explain it in the series and you had to do something like fly to New York or London to watch a play for the rest of it. Uh but they still have plenty of time. Will, while he's still recovering from using the gay is with Joyce and Michael, and they reunite with Lucas, who's grievously injured. Will tells them through his gayar sense that he sees that the children are being used as a vessel for some event that's going to start on the fourth anniversary of Will's abduction. Then Joyce, Will, Michael, Erica, Lucas, Murray, and Robin come up with a wacky plan to reanimate a demigorgan using the radio tower so they can hack into Henry's Wi-Fi through Will's Gadar. But not before Will and Robin have another talk about her being a lesbian. And it looks like Lucas's grievous injury healed up just fine. Maybe he put some Robbitasen on it. >> I BROKE MY LEG. DADDY PUT A ROBOT ON IT. >> Back to Hopper and Eleven who have been essentially sidelined in the entire series so far. And Eleven's powers have been completely nerfed. But not Callie's who was able to use hers to escape by projecting an image of herself. Speaking of number eight or oo as I like to call her, we finally find out what happened to her and what the military is up to. She was captured and they were using her blood on pregnant women to make more 11s. But she wasn't powerful enough and that's why they needed 11. Now, how did angry Linda Hamilton have access to all of Brener's previous work, including copying the experiment that Brener ran on Henry, yet she has absolutely no knowledge of them? Don't know. I sure hope those pregnant women are going to be okay. Maybe somebody will save them. Speaking of saving, hooking up a dead demicorgan and reviving it with a 50,000 watt radio tower worked. Will's gayar successfully hacks Henry's Wi-Fi, and he sees that the children's body are in some kind of fleshy toothy cave, and the children's minds are in Henry's childhood home in his mind. Will also sees that Max's mind is with Holly's mind in Holly's home, which is a memory from the demogorgan's mind, which is in Henry's mind. And they're being pursued by Vecna's mind, who is Henry in a memory from a demogorgan that's in Henry's mind. Then Will's mind takes over Vecna/Henry's mind, allowing Holly's mind, and Max's mind to escape within Henry's mind. >> Does any of this make sense? Do you need additional details, questions, concerns? Over. >> But wait, there's more. >> But then Vecna/Henry's mind takes over Will's mind in Will's mind. So Vecna can use Will to find Max in the real world because Vecna has been unable to catch Max's mind in his own mind. And I'm about to lose my mind because apparently the master schemer and true evil of Stranger Things was completely unaware that coma patients are kept in this thing called a hospital. Meanwhile, back in the upside down like they've been doing all season, Dustin and Steve are still arguing and it eventually comes to blows. I'm sorry I should be more specific considering this is Netflix fighting. But in episode 6, we finally get a resolution, which ends up being one of the best scenes of season 5. Too bad it was so short, but give the Duffer brothers credit, it was a rare followth through from a previous season. Dustin was obviously crushed by the death of his friend Eddie, and he didn't want to see the same happen to Steve. It would have been nice to see Steve and Dustin doing something a little bit more than arguing most of the season. They are continuously the best characters in this entire series, despite the fact that Steve has been relegated to a punching bag and Robin's support animal. Now, we learned something essential to the upside down that we've been wrong about it all along and they totally haven't changed what it is in the last minute. While wandering through Hawkins lab in the upside down, Dustin discovers a copy of Brener's research. And we find out the upside down is not another dimension. It's a wormhole leading to another world. Well, that is disappointing. >> And that world is where all the demigogorgans, demigod dogs, and demobats, and the mind flare come from. And Henry's big plan is to merge this world, which is called the abyss or dimension X with our world using the children and reshaping it. I would argue that you could just merge the upside down with our world, and that would save a lot of time and trouble. But it turns out Dustin was wrong about what generates the giant meat wall. It's not dark magic, it's exotic matter. In this case, I would also argue why not just keep it as magic over science, especially when your only explanation is going to be exotic matter. Now, in the other part of Hawkins lab, Jonathan and Nancy noticed that the building had been melting. And then they find the exotic matter. Pretty easy. Then Nancy, our intrepid reporter who was pretty good with guns turned military tactician turned 80s action star who we will from now on call Nanbo, shoots it and all hell breaks loose. And then Nanbo and our mansel in distress Jonathan are trapped in a room as the building starts melting again. And if it wasn't for a scene in the penultimate episode that we'll get to, this scene would be considered the dumbest of the series. We'll just call it the second dumbest. After setting up Jonathan and Nancy for the entire series and dedicating a lot of screen time to it, as the building is melting and Jonathan and Nanbo are facing certain death, what do they do? Do they say their tearful goodbyes reaffirming their love for each other and I don't know have sex? Nope. They tearfully become unengaged and touch heads. Ah, the good old modern Hollywood touching heads. I think normally you can blame this on the recent creation due to me too of what is called an intimacy coordinator. But it would make no sense because these two are dating in real life. But that still makes more sense than this scene. Now, if you recall, after Will's mind took over Vecna's mind in a memory that came from a demogorgan's mind and Henry's mind, allowing Max and Holly's minds to escape from Henry/VCNA's mind within Henry/vecna's mind. Vecna's mind then turned around and took over Will's mind in Will's mind. Now, if you find this confusing, not to worry, because Robin explains it with records. >> Um, let's just assume for a second that everything that Will saw was real. He saw Max. He s. >> Yeah. Yeah. But how? >> I'm getting to that. This is Will and this is Holly. Uh, this of course is Max. They're in three disperate locations. The squawk, the hospital, and some presently unknown place in the upside down. Right. >> Right. Yeah. >> But they share one very essential thing in common. They're all unconscious. >> And VCNA took over Will's mind to find the coma patient, Max. And as it turns out, she's in a hospital. And Lucas takes Max and joins Robin and her lesbian girlfriend, who's a carbon copy of Robin, as they try to escape from the demog. Never mind the fact that Lucas just had a grievous injury in his chest and shouldn't be able to lift his arm, much less carry a girl. >> And a radio that's constantly playing Kate Bush's one song over and over again. For [ __ ] sake, she's got other songs. Try Weathering Heights. And as they are trapped with the demi dogs in a laundry room, and the end is most certainly near. They are saved by Karen Wheeler, who was recently disembowled and had her throat ripped out, who somehow in this condition managed to steal a couple of gas canisters, sneak into the laundry room undetected, put the gas canisters in a dryer, and set it to hot, and then hide again, and then hope that the demigod dogs walk by just at the right time. And wouldn't you know it, they do, and it explodes. And yes, a demi dog just went uh-oh. And the other one sounded like Scooby-Doo. Now, earlier on, when Max's mind and Holly's mind were wandering around Henry's mind, they discovered a memory of young Henry killing a man in self-defense in a cave. That's right. Boy Scout Henry ran across some guy in a lab coat with a mystery box. Gee, I wonder what's in that case. I sure hope they explain it in the well over 3 hours they have left in the season, so you don't have to do something like, I don't know, fly to London or New York to watch a play to figure out what the hell it is. Now, as Holly's mind and Max's mind try to escape Vecna's mind in Vea's mind, it's at this point after Holly's mind has been helping Max's mind in Vecna's mind for multiple episodes, Max's mind informs Holly's mind that she can't come with her. And apparently, Max's mind's portal to the real world will stay open long enough for her to give Holly a pep talk to open her own portal. So, they can both run towards them to Kate Bush's running up that hill. And in truth, they both look like they're running on a treadmill. >> Run, [ __ ] RUN. [screaming] >> AND the season feels like it's been running in place. Sure, it might feel like a lot of stuff has happened. >> And yet, it really doesn't >> because this season has been crushed under the weight of its own bloat. It took six episodes to get Max back to just sit in a wheelchair. Six episodes of Dustin and Steve arguing just to end up finding a book. Six episodes to just have Nambo and Jonathan break up. Six episodes to find out the military is doing exactly what they've been doing for the previous seasons. Six episodes of Hopper and 11 basically being sidelined. Six episodes to find out Vecna wanted to reshape the world, which we knew from season 4. But the only thing different now is the upside down is a portal, which is underwhelming. Six episodes of Winona writers Joyce, you know, the star of the show essentially just being window dressing. But at least it makes way for six episodes of Robin. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. And I think season 5, particularly part two, is summed up best by Eric Kaine from Forbes, which could be broken up into something like this. Short action scene followed by bickering, followed by a heart-to-he heart, followed by more brief action, followed by an expository dialogue scene that overexlains everything, followed by another heart-to-he heart, and that's followed by a group idea session with more exposition and planning and eureka moments that often have something to do with a pop culture reference or analogy. Rinse and repeat. And with 3 hours left in the season, and in particular in the penultimate episode, they take this to ridiculous levels. An episode that not only has the worst scene of the entire series, it's the worst episode of the entire series. Now, context does matter, it's because this is the penultimate episode of not just the season, of the series, and they accomplish absolutely nothing. And they save the worst bit to stick in the end. Now the military finally knows that there is an evil demon creature in the upside down that can control other evil demon creatures and it's pretty formidable. Something angry Linda Hamilton may or may not have known about. But she doesn't care. She just wants 11. Something that she expresses to Timothy McVey in what is one of the most ridiculous girl boss scenes in the last half decade. And that's saying something. >> Is that all you can say? I mean you got a pull string under that jack of yours or what? Everything that has happened here is because of that girl. And unless you want to join them, I would watch the goddamn tongue. >> Major General Osteoporosis had a lot of help from Timothy McVey on that scene, who probably had to get on his knees. And I'm surprised she didn't break her arm. Anyway, finally, the whole gang is back together. Jesus wept. I'm only doing this one more time. Hopper, Will, Murray, Steve, Max, lesbian girlfriend, Erica, Lucas, Joyce, Dustin, Mr. Clark 11 Michael Robin Oo Jonathan who I'm still convinced is G, the will, and Nambo. And they gather for one of two expository scenes where every character gets their chance to chime in, and sometimes characters finish each other's sentences. They recap everything from season 4 to this moment, and they break down their big plan, which Michael is nice enough to recap. >> We better hope we have some time because if this is all correct, we have to get 2,000 feet in the air, find our way into the abyss, free [music] Holly and the kids, and kill Becca. All four worlds merge. >> And during this exposition, Dump Hopper was speaking for all of us. Jesus Christ. Wow. I hate all of this. >> So, in this second exposition scene, right after Hopper draws a diagram of a helicopter that goes up and down, the gang starts bickering, and then Steve has a Eureka moment aided by a pop culture reference, in this case, a Slinky. The plan is to let the Planet Abyss descend until it hits the top of the radio tower where the kids can climb up, jump on the abyss, save the kids, and kill Vecna. And then when they're done, they blow up the exotic matter in the upside down with some C4, which would take the Demigorgans, the Demmit dogs, the Demig bats, the mime flare, Vecna, and the abyss with it. This is going to be a bit of a challenge. Not only is the military after them, but I'm sure Vecna is going to send all the demigorgans, the demi bats, the demi dogs at his disposal to stop him. Right. Right. Right. >> But as the world's fate hangs in the balance, the clock is ticking and every second counts. So, what do you think happens next? Is there a montage scene set to Sweet Child of Mine from the Guns and Roses album Appetite for Destruction, which was released in 1987, with our pluckucky team of unlikely heroes pouring over the logistics and coordinating each other's roles and going over them again and again until they know them in their sleep, which they don't have time to do. And they shed a quiet tear for what most certainly will be their last night on Earth. They make phone calls and write letters to say goodbye to their loved ones. So, I guess they don't need to do that because everyone's there and then they make peace with their god or do the Duffer brothers stop everything for one more group session featuring the entire cast and I was surprised Vecna wasn't there in an over 6 minute scene that the Duffer brothers spent the most time writing with multiple takes that took 12 hours to shoot. Also, Will could come out as gay. I I haven't told any of you this. I I don't I don't want you to [music] see me differently. TO TO TODAY, JUNIOR. I just [music] I I just I I I don't like girls. Something every character in this show should have already known, including the one who was there who doesn't even know Will. Callie, an overwritten, overcooked, self-indulgent circle jerk of a virtue signal. And I'm sure the Duffer brothers broke their arms patting themselves on the back for this one. I mean, so brave. A coming out scene in 2025. Now, they've been setting this up for a long time, so they needed to pay it off, but it should have been earlier in the season and a more quiet, intimate moment between his friends, or more importantly, his family, and then Jonathan could come out, too. That would have probably had more emotional impact. But instead, they traded it for this stage monstrosity that turned out to be the most memeable moment of 2025. >> Hi, everyone. I am a gay homosexual. >> Ew, sick, bro. What are you even talking about? >> Honey, I don't think now is the best time for an announcement like that. >> Hope you didn't want grandkids, Mom, because this queen thinks girl parts are icky. And it ruined the message the Duffer brothers were trying to convey with Will gaining self-confidence and self-esteem and overcoming being a victim. Because the through line for Will in this season is his superpower is being gay. But now this is all dealt with. We have 2 hours to go in a finale that was released to sold out theaters. And they're going to need those two hours to answer all those unanswered questions. Defeat Vecna in a plan that's just crazy enough to work and wrap everything up in a tight little bow without a plot hole to be found. And wouldn't you know it, they defeat Vecna in an hour. What did you say? >> You heard me right. They accomplish their plans and defeat Vecna in the first hour of a 2hour and 8 minute episode. You got to be [ __ ] kidding. >> But that's not the worst bit. It's not unheard of to kill the final boss halfway through a finale or in some cases well before it. Am I right, Game of Thrones? In this case, it's more about how they did it. Now, VCNA has started merging the Earth with the abyss using the children as vessels while Hopper takes Eleven and Cali to Hawkins lab in the upside down. Now, last episode, Cali and Eleven made a suicide pact, promising to break the cycle that Brener started, knowing that the military would never stop pursuing them, which they're doing right now. Eleven gets into a tank so she could connect her mind and Callie's mind to Max's mind so she can guide them to the children's minds to free them from Henry's mind. >> We have to enter his mind. Isn't this his mind? >> No, it's my mind. >> What? And then Eleven's mind and Callie's mind can kill Vecna in his mind, which would stop the planet descending on the upside down and keep it from merging with the Earth. While Eleven and Cali distract Vea enough to stop the planet from descending, Vecna gets into Hopper's mind and makes him believe he shot Eleven, which of course he didn't, but he pulls Eleven out of the tank, which breaks the connection and leaves the children on their own in VCNA's mind. But Holly's minds guides the children's minds to Vecna's cave in his mind. Now, when Henry's mind was in Hopper's mind, he told them that there was a suicide pack between Cali and Eleven, which is a really good scene where Hopper begs her to fight on and live for happier days beyond all of this in Hawkins. But then the military shows up and Hopper and Murray kill a few more servicemen with families. Eleven takes out Timothy McVey, but Cali is shot and dies. Or did she? But this is where the fun begins because Steve, Robin, Michael Will Jonathan Dustin Lucas and Joyce make it to the abyss. And they are led by Nambo. And lucky for them that they're on a completely different planet that just so happens to have a comparable atmosphere, including oxygen and comparable gravity. And despite the overcast skies, it looks like there isn't any wind. And it's about 50°. >> Orange juice beer. Will you go put your trunks on and get in this pool? And no, there isn't a demigorgon, a demi dog, or demi bat in sight in either the abyss or the upside down, but I'm sure they're coming any minute. Will, who was on the abyss, is now close enough to Vecna to get into his mind. And he sees that he is walking through the cave to get to the children, but not before he gets to that memory where young Henry as a boy scout in a cave randomly runs into some government scientist with a mystery case who is paranoid and delusional and tries to kill Henry, but Henry kills the scientist in self-defense. Henry opens the mystery box and it holds a piece of concentrated evil which psychically connected him to the mind flare. And credit where credit is due, instead of doing the thing where the young innocent boy was corrupted by the evil, no, the young innocent boy joins the evil in a symbiotic relationship. Yet, it still all feels pretty random. And if you want to know the story that led up to this moment, you need to fly to New York or London and watch a play. Eleven says her tearful goodbyes to Hopper as she essentially flies up to the abyss. Now, of course, this happens offscreen, but you're going to find out a lot of stuff does. And it's a good thing Eleven left when she did because, as it turns out, Nambo, Joyce, and the gang are up against Vecna in a mech suit that's a kaiju. And I think Drinker said it best. Imagine finishing watching season 1. And then getting to this scene where Nambo, the only one with a gun, Joyce and the gang, who are armed with petrol balloons, slingshots, and a spear, fight a Kaiju that's controlled by Vecna that just so happens to have all the kids trapped in it. Well, to be fair, it's not going to do much damage setting it on fire, but what's their endgame here? And they better hurry up because no doubt there is some demi gorgans, demi dogs, and demi bats arriving any moment. Thankfully, Eleven shows up and rips her way into the kaiju to fight Vecna and save the kids while Nambo, Joyce, and the gang draw it into a trap in a valley where they instantly climb mountains and their petrol bombs turn into napal. And in a battle scene that's just a couple of minutes longer than Will's coming out scene, they defeat both Vecna and the Kaiju. And Nambo, Joyce, and the gang save the kids, including Lucas, saving the black child. >> Barely an inconvenience. >> And Joyce, who has done absolutely nothing the entire season, finally gets her moment and hacks off Eca's head. Everybody lives, the kids are safe, and they head to the upside down to destroy it. But why use a timer when you could sneak in another nostalgic moment and use a turntable and set the C4 to explode once Prince's side B of Purple Rain comes to an end? And despite being severed from Vecna's mind, there's still time for a horde of demigorgans, demats, and demi dogs to dispense some savage vengeance for their fallen master. And I'm sure they're just around the corner. In the meantime, everybody's happy until they exit the upside down and get arrested by the military in Hawkins. And in a very dramatic scene, after saying goodbye to Michael, in his mind, >> I need to thank them for me, for being so kind to me and teaching me what it means to be a friend. >> No, please don't do this. Please don't do this. >> Like [applause] >> acting. >> The group in the military see that L is still in the upside down. And as Prince's purple rain comes to an end, it ignites the C4, which ignites the exotic matter and destroys the upside down and seals the gate, taking L with it. And Ella is dead. Or is she? But the one thing we do know for sure is the Duffer brothers kind of forgot about the demigorgans, the demi dogs, and the demi bats. And Stranger Things ends with an hour-ong epilogue, which without a doubt is the best part of this episode and the best part of the entire season, which paraphrasing what our friend Little Platoon said, "If something completely different had happened before this epilogue, it would have been brilliant." The kids graduate Hawkins High and Dustin does it the way Eddie wanted to. The older kids say goodbye to each other on the roof of the radio station. Robin has broken up with her lesbian girlfriend, so that tracks and then goes to an all girls school because I'm not sure if you caught this or not, but Robin's a lesbian. Nancy, who was still broken up with Jonathan, quit school to chase a career in journalism so she can live the feminist dream of living alone in a $10,000 a month studio apartment in a major metropolitan city. Jonathan is off to NYU where he could study film and make anti- capitalist movies. >> I knew it. He's gay. And you know, I love it when they have a show with anti- capitalist messaging in the season of a series that cost $480 million that's behind a payw wall on the platform of the company whose market cap is $415 billion. Anyway, Steve has the best ending because he wants to settle down in Hawkins and have six kids. Hopper proposes to Joyce and they're going to move to Montalk, the center of a lot of conspiracies. And I'd watch that spin-off, but apparently we're not going to get it. And it ends where it began almost with Mike, Will, Lucas, Max, and Dustin playing D and D as Michael envisions their futures. And everybody gets a happy ending, including Will, where his is ending up in a gay bar in the8s. Try Aid. >> But this was all set up so Michael can tell the story of how L faked her death with the help of Cali, who projected an image of L in the upside down. And L couldn't have used her powers to talk to Michael because the sonic weapon was on. Yet Ally couldn't have projected an image of L because she blew up with Hawkins lab in the upside down. An ambiguous ending that's meant to be debated forever. But as far as 11 being alive or dead is concerned, I don't care. >> And now that all is said and done with Stranger Things season 5, I can say with a lot of confidence that it became a caricature of itself. What worked about season 1 was its heartfelt character dynamics. It had a plot that was engaging, a solid mystery, and it had very similitude. And that has everything to do with how they masterfully blended in the nostalgia. Yet, it was still a greatest hits from the 80s. But then it lost that immersion and it just became the greatest hits from the 80s and the greatest hits of itself. The best examples are Joyce going from crazy spreading lights around the house lady to crazy spreading art around the house lady and trying to recapture the magic of the Kate Bush running up that hill scene from season 4 after playing it over and over and over again. And season 5 is its worst season without a doubt. Because if I had to choose, I could buy Russians tunneling under a mall and building a base over a group of pluckucky teenagers who are led by a 50some yearear-old mom and Nambo fighting a kaiju on another planet. There are a lot of ways you could have fought a symbiotic cosmic entity and psychic super villain, but this wasn't it. This is where the stakes should have been at their highest, and they just weren't. There was no tension. Nothing felt earned. And yes, I know Ella is supposed to be dead, but Mike telling that story of her survival feels like a copout, and I wouldn't be surprised at all in a few short years as Millie Bobby Brown's career starts to sputter that we see The Return of 11 on Netflix. Listen, this show has characters I like. It had some good performances. It had some good character moments, but it got lost in the minutia of ridiculousness. >> I don't believe in coincidences. Yet, Stranger Things 5 and With the Gift of Hindsight, previous seasons are filled with them along with contrived events, forced dramatic moments to elicit cheap emotional responses, too many feelings in the upside down, feelings in the real world, feelings on the abyss, which were constantly stalling the action. And now that I think of it, that's basically what Stranger Things 5 is. Stalling to get to a very bloated and underwhelming end. Speaking of bloated, again, it was brought down by the weight of its bloated cast. And as that cast grew, the world of Stranger Things felt smaller. For example, Robin and her lesbian girlfriend. You could have left them completely out of this show and nothing would have changed. And I can make a pretty good argument that Holly being a prominent character was a complete waste of time. And it took valuable screen time from characters we actually wanted to see like the core group of kids working together or the sidelined Hopper nerfed 11 and Joyce who was completely useless this season. Hell, after all is said and done, they should have just kept Hopper dead after season 3 and probably killed off Jonathan. And let's not forget its descent into modernity. Little problems that became big ones in the end. I've always hated that this show was filled with bad dads or no dads and there wasn't a girl boss this show didn't like, which is unfortunate because it ruined some female characters we liked. >> Hey, if you don't shut up right now, Santa, I swear to God, I will shoot this tracker into your potato sacks. And you know, I'm a good enough shot to hit any mark, no matter how small. >> Jesus. And that mockery of a coming out scene was most assuredly their response to criticism for their lack of alphabet representation in earlier seasons. And this was made worse by the Duffer brothers when they made it critical to the story that will being okay with being gay is how he connected with his powers. A slavish adherence to the message best described by Marcus Pitman on X. Season 5, episode 7 of Stranger Things felt like a gay version of a pure flick movie. The left has to embrace the worst things about faith-based movies. They have alter calls that interrupt the story. Now, Finn Wolfhart said that the Stranger Things team was worried that they would get the same backlash as Game of Thrones after season 8. And I think that was a legitimate concern. Currently, the Rotten Tomatoes audience score is at 56% for Stranger Things 5. And let's just say there's a lot of cope, including some of the most insane I've seen in a long time from a fandom, where a large group of Stranger Things fans think the finale is actually an illusion constructed by Vecna. And if you left it there, Vecna won and everyone is essentially trapped in his matrix. I think I actually would have liked that, but no, the theory doesn't end there. Apparently, there's some secret episode 9 out there of Stranger Things Netflix is going to release. Anyway, no, this finale was not as bad as the last episode of Game of Thrones season 8. And Stranger Things and Game of Thrones are not comparable because Game of Thrones was a very good show for multiple seasons and Stranger Things wasn't. Still, outside of the insane cope, there is a lot of backlash and it's legitimate, mostly due to all the unanswered questions, including in no particular order. How did our heroes escape from the abyss with the children? Did they hop rocks or climb back down the tower? That sure would have taken some time. Why isn't the upside down toxic anymore? How did blowing up the wormhole not suck in the entire town of Hawkins? How did no one notice the giant meat wall surrounding Hawkins in the upside down until season 5? What the hell was Camzot? Was it a separate place or Henry's mind, which I assumed towards the end? Why did Vecna get in Hopper's head to mess with it and not do that with anyone else? Why did Vecna use random children to merge worlds? I feel like they could have just left that out. What was the rest of Hawkins mindset during the quarantine? And how did the rest of the world feel about it? Why did the military just [ __ ] off after Hopper and others killed dozens of servicemen with families and were witnessed to highly classified information? What happened to Dr. Owens? Is he just a skeleton handcuffed to a pipe? What happened to Dererick's family? Are they still tied up in a barn? Why isn't Max blind anymore? Why didn't Max's mom visit her in the hospital? How in the hell are Karen and Ted Wheeler still alive? What happened to Karen Wheeler's scars? You can see them at the graduation, but not at the end of the show. Is 11 alive or dead according to the duffers? That's up to the audience. What happened to all those pregnant women in the upside down? Why didn't Joyce and Hopper acknowledge that they knew Henry in high school? Where did the government worker come from that Henry confronted in the cave? Where did the evil Black Stone in his case come from? Why was Henry in that cave? How did he get in that cave? Who thought it was a good idea to introduce story elements from a play that's only in New York or London and the tickets cost about 400 bucks into a TV show and not explain anything? Well, that would be the same guys who completely forgot about the Demig Gorggans, the Demid dogs, and the Demmit bats. That would be the Duffer brothers who are doing themselves no favors because they keep opening their pie holes and answering questions. And the answers mostly consist of, "It happened offcreen." Even Dad and Dave are telling these guys to shut up. And apparently one of the Duffer brothers is regretting doing this and blaming the flu. >> Like I really shouldn't have done any of these postmortem interviews. I'm not in a good place. Like why the hell we did any why the hell we did any of them yesterday is beyond me. >> Speaking of regrets, I think the one company that has the most is Paramount, who just gave the Duffer brothers a multi-million dollar multi-year exclusive deal. While they let Taylor Sheridan walk comparatively, Taylor Sheridan has created 10 scripted shows, most of them being hits in 10 years. The Duffer brothers have created one show in 10 years, and they will have little to nothing to do with any Stranger Things spin-offs in the future. Now, the general consensus is Stranger Things might be the last show that's a cultural phenomenon, and I would agree. It's immensely popular. It's one of Netflix's biggest shows, and it will remain that way for many, many years, possibly forever. Again, they sold out multiple theaters with the finales and made $25 million. In other words, people love this show, and I think they will continue to love this show because it's carried by the good members of its cast. But it was also carried by a mystery which seems to be a hallmark of a lot of prestige series especially in genre that they really need to get away from because mystery box storytelling rarely ends in a satisfying way. And Stranger Things is an anomaly for Netflix. It's one of those rare shows that made it past a second season, gained in popularity, and became a cultural phenomenon. something Netflix has not been able to duplicate which probably led to them trying to buy Warner Brothers because for every Stranger Things there's an Umbrella Academy and Altered Carbon and The Witcher. And we've already started seeing people saying pretty regularly there is only one season of Stranger Things, which is strange because there was only supposed to be one season of Stranger Things. Stranger Things 5 wasn't the worst season of TV I've ever seen. I mean, it's nowhere near as bad as things like The Acolyte or Iron Heart, it certainly has its redeemable moments. But comparing it to the rest of Stranger Things, it ended in the worst way possible because it brings down all of those previous seasons, even season 1. But credit where credit is due, the Duffer brothers and Netflix produced a show that people truly loved. So much so that after they saw this disastrous season, they are hoping, praying, and wishing for a secret episode to drop to explain everything. And with fans this passionate, they would deserve it. And if they dropped a secret episode, which they won't, it would be brilliant and it would break the internet. The only problem is you would have to redo the entire season to fix this mess. Because it's become pretty clear the Duffer brothers look like one hit wonders that overstayed their welcome. And I don't think it's out of the realm of possibility to think that their future will be offscreen. [music] >> If you like what you heard, please like, share, and subscribe. If you didn't like what you heard, I thank you for listening this [music] long. I will see you in the next video.