Egypt. This is Egypt under Nasser. Egypt under Nasser was pretty great, you guys. It was pretty great. I'm tempted to put them in A, but I'll put them in B up here cuz they weren't Marxist Len. Yeah, they're behind Afghanistan, but ahead of Bolivia. So, they weren't Marxist Leninist. Obviously, they were part of the non-aligned movement, which was stupid. It was all these countries that were like, "We're not going to join with the Soviets or the US. We're going to have our own thing." The non-aligned movement is dumb. It's like, "Just join with the Soviets. They're fighting the US and they want to help you." Either way, um, Egypt at the time was the main protagonist against Israel, against Zionism. This was a time when the Arab peoples were more united um, and the Egyptians were willing to lay it all on the line in order to fight against Israel. Um, of course, Israel then tried to seize the Sinai and Egypt had to seize it back from them in 1973 and 1978. Um, so they were attacked by Israel too, but they were also fighting on behalf of the Palestinians, which is very heroic. And it aligns with Nasser's ideology, which was panarabism. He wanted to do what Mao did for China. He wanted to unite all of these different Arab countries that had had their borders drawn by imperialist powers in order to make them easier to exploit and control. Um they want to keep us divided. So panarabism is pretty much dead now. I mean it is dead now. Um but it was a real thing at Nasser's time. It was very popular and uh he was a great leader. He also had socialist economic policies. Built the Oswan Dam which electrified the whole country. gave like a million people power. That was all powered by this water dam. So yeah, Nasser was based. Yeah, this is basically true. So, if you were going to make a critique of the Kamir Rouge, um you would say that they fought on behalf of the more wealthy rural landlords and that they were, you know, killing or massacring um intellectuals, which is like just give the intellectuals hard labor. Why you got to massacre them? Poland, I don't know that much about socialist Poland either. We'll put them in B. Albania is already on there. Nicaragua, we talked about this quite a bit on the last episode. Nicaragua had a revolution, guerilla war revolution won by the Sandinistas. Their current president, Daniel Ortega, fought in that war on the good guys side. Um they were they eventually succumbed to US sanctions and US sabotage efforts um and the US funding of the opposition. So they lost an election and lost power. They regrouped. They took a more Christian socialist bent and they came back and won the election six years later and they've been in power ever since. They've been sanctioned by the US ever since. Um, and they have very strong supports in the rural regions among rural Venezuelans. They've done a lot to increase standard of life in the rural regions. They have all these health care systems and stuff out there that were built by the revolution um and new schools and all sorts of things like that. And these people are willing to fight to defend the revolution. They won electorally, but make no mistake about it, it was the result of class struggle. There's real skirmishes and fights that go on on the ground in in Nicaragua between the reactionaries and the revolutionaries still to this day. Um, it's still a class struggle because class struggle continues under socialism, we know. Um, so yeah, very based. I I love Nicaragua. I'm almost tempted to put them in S tier with the Marxist Leninist countries, the existing Marxist Leninist countries, but I'll just put them at the very front of A because I think they're really great even though they're not ML and they won an election to take power. GDR GDR again, this is one that could go in the S tier if it wasn't, you know, they they needed the Soviets to get socialism and to overthrow Hitler. But there are all these statistics about the GDR that show you know how standard of living was compared to West Germany. And then also people's politics compared to West Germany. Like the GDR got rid of all these Nazis whereas in West Germany they filtered Nazis into positions of power either in America or back in Germany. Um all sorts of disgusting disgusting things were going on even after the Nazis were taken out in West Germany. Whereas in East Germany, they were building this uh more honorable um society that also had a better standard of living in many ways. It's crazy to think that Germany, this West European country was divided in half and half of it was communist and half of it, not half, there was more on one side than the other, but it was just divided. One part was communist and one part was socialist and the lasting effects that I'm sure that has to this day. U but yeah, GDR was awesome, man. put him up there with Nicaragua. Oh, is this Mosamb beek or Grenada? It's Grenada. Um, this was Grenada under who was it? Was it Maurice Bishop or Yeah, Maurice Bishop and the new jewel movement. Hyperbased Marxist Leninist movement overthrown in a coup. um story as old as time. Very cool country. Um put them up there in a Iraq under Saddam Hussein. Um even though the US should never have overthrown Saddam and even though it was Iraq was much better under Saddam's Ba'ist socialist government than they were without uh he still goes in D. Ba'ist socialism has failed. Now, Assad was the last one. He got taken out. There's going to be probably no more Ba'ist socialism. It was a nice idea, but they didn't commit to things like land redistribution and real communist politics, real um a real transformation, qualitative transformation of the system or at least moving in that direction is what they failed to do. And in the end, there was a lot of opportunism and they were either invaded, murdered by the US or sold out by their own people. that that was Syria. Iraq, they just were straight up invaded. I think the people still largely supported Saddam till the end. Um, and I don't even need to explain why it was better to have Saddam doing these, you know, moderately socialist policies and not letting terrorists run the entire country. How that was better than now having ISIS and all these extremist groups fight over power with no real central government. Laos. Laos is S tier. I won't hear any differently. I've talked about this so much on my channel because I'm the only person who even knows that Laos exists. Just kidding. Um, but Laos is a great Marxist Leninist country. Very agrarian. Doesn't have the same level of development as Vietnam and they've always relied upon Vietnam. Um, did like a reform and opening up type deal in the 90s. Uh, but their role in the Vietnam War is why I love them so much. They were so heroic. um the Ho Chi Min trail ran through Laos. You know, there would be there would be nothing that um or I mean the the Vietnam the Vietn likely wouldn't have been able to win without their their comrades. The path at Lao, which was the name of the Communist Party in Laos. So maybe Huey has something to say about uh oh yeah, Saddam also gassed Iranians, so he gets a huge thumbs down for that. Um Huie might have something to say about Laos. I don't know if he knows as much about them as Vietnam, but Laos has been moving towards China. Very true. Yeah. Yeah. Basically, every Marxist Leninist country did a reform and opening up in the 90s. Laian people are amazing. They are. They're very chill people. Very isolated from the rest of the world. They were hyper isolated under communism. They were so isolated from the rest of the world. And then recently they they opened up to tourism um gradually with the reform and opening up period. So very unique people. Libya under Gaddafi did amazing things. Made the country the most prosperous in all of Africa. People were living good. The farmers were getting free tools and free land. Um people were getting health care and education. and they were moving towards making a an African central bank, moving towards a a real pan-Africanist economy, genius idea, but he had these critiques of Lenin where he didn't want to be an authoritarian and in the end the US funded a bunch of terrorists and extremists who murdered him and overthrew his government and it it's turned into utter chaos. maybe even worse than Iraq in terms of a bunch of terrorists just running around in Libya, selling people into slavery and fighting each other for for control of the country, for political power. Um, so again, it's like who cares if you get called an authoritarian for cracking down on the terrorists who are going to murder you and throw your country into utter chaos and sell slaves. Those people should have authority exerted over them. That is a good thing. Um, but anyways, I'm ranting too much. Gaddafi had a lot of great ideas. The green book is great to read. He was a good man. B, this is Mosamb beek, I believe, under uh Samora Michelle. We'll put them with uh right next to Mosamb beek. Nepal. I don't know about Nepal. I just know it seems like a whole lot of infighting. The three main parties in Nepal are like a Marxist Leninist party and then like a democratic socialist party and then like a Marxist Leninist Mauist party or something like that. I can chat GBT quick. I haven't read about it in a while. Um I wish comrade Halali was here. He knows a lot about Nepal. Um seems like a whole lot of infighting but like Marxists seem to be in power. I don't know. Nepal is basically nothing but Mount Everest, right? So, it's just like six communists in Mount Everest. Um, two two in each party. Um, that's the population of Nepal. It's six people. Two people in each party and they just fight over whether they should be Mauist or Leninist. I'm just kidding. That's disrespectful. Um, they've done they waged a really honorable guerilla struggle, an independent struggle at one point and it was led by the communists. You have the Communist Party of Nepal, which is the unified Marxist Leninist Party, which believes in Marxism, Leninism, and Democratic Socialism. Seems like there's probably a little contradiction there, but whatever. You have the Nepali Congress, which is the Social Democratic or Democratic Socialist. And then you have the Communist Party of Nepal, which is the Mauist Party. Um, and then you have like a Hindu nationalist right-wing party, but they're pretty irrelevant. So, the consciousness in Nepal is is very very communist at least. um even if they don't have tons of economic development or the most if even if they don't have socialism with Napole characteristics and they don't have as strong of a direction as the other Marxist Leninist or Marxist Leninist leaning countries. So hey also cool flag just got to be different I guess. Great football players too. Calling Cuba a socialist country a joke. It communism. The government own all land. No. Cuba is in the stages of socialism. Fairly early stages of socialism looking to build communism. Socialism is a transitionary state. when the workers seize power of the government, which is what happened in 19 uh oh my gosh, I'm blanking on the date. 59 1959 in Cuba with the Cuban Revolution. Um the working class and the peasants because Cuba was mostly an agrarian economy, a semifudal economy. the peasants and the workers rose up and they overthrew the USbacked Batista dictatorship, which was basically a gang uh just a gangster that had been installed by the US to run the country so that the US could take all of the sugar and tobacco that was being produced on the plantations. And the plantation workers rose up. They overthrew their government and they established what we can call a dictatorship of the proletariat. A government that works of, by and for the workers rather than the owning class. And that government is what's used to then guide the country through the stages of socialism into communism. Once you have that dictatorship of the proletariat workingclass power, you're basically in the the stage of socialism at that point. It's a qualitative shift out of capitalism and towards socialism. And then you begin the process of building communism where workers have like full ownership of the means of production and everybody's needs are taken care of and the country's productive forces are developed so that everyone can have healthcare and food and transportation and and people don't have to spend all day at work. They can have time for recreation which there's been much more vacation time and recreation time in socialist countries too. We don't talk about that as much. Um, the RTSG guys and Rev talk about that a lot. How socialism means more free time and more time to be a human being and spend time with your family and develop your skills and talents outside of uh your job. So those are the things that are increased steadily under the stage of socialism after the capitalist government is overthrown. Why is it this Syrian flag? Why isn't it the I thought I saved the other one. Oh well. Bath is socialism. Syria under Assad. They lasted longer than Iraq. I would say they they worked together with Iran rather than fighting a war with Iran, which is good. They get points for that. They get points for supporting the Axis of resistance and fighting the Zionists, but they lose points for being overthrown. and Assad being scared to take out the terrorists who were regrouping after the first civil war and getting ready to overthrow him again. Um, and not doing land redistribution and real transformative communist politics. The same way I said with uh Iraq, the last baist socialist, excuse me, the last baist socialist republic. $5. Thank you, Marco. Appreciate it. We are rolling in super chats today. Keep it coming y'all. I appreciate it. Um, and Marco's a member, so thank you, Marco. Let Libya be a lesson. There is no half measures. If you aren't subservient to the West, they'll smear and destroy you anyway if they can. Exactly. Exactly. They're going to smear you as authoritarian and evil and a murderer of your own people, and then they're going to do everything they can to kill you anyways, regardless of what you do in terms of democracy um, and elections and whatever else. If you move towards socialist economics, which prevents western banks and multinational corporations from pillaging your country and ripping off and debt trapping the people of your country, if you move towards that, they will do everything they can to murder you and overthrow your country. And they don't care if slavery enters your country afterwards like it did in Libya. They don't care if you have no central government and you're, you know, in a everybody's living in a violent, impoverished situation for the next decade plus. They do not care. They'll try to kill you. So why try to appease them? Why try to be like, "Okay, US, in the name of democracy, I won't crack down on the terrorists you just gave machine guns and bazookas to. I'll just leave them alone because I want to be democratic and not authoritarian." And then they call you authoritarian anyways. And then those guys they gave the bazookas to come and kill you. It's like they're going to call you authoritarian anyways. Just utilize the authority of the state to crack down on these people who are trying to murder the working class and actually subvert democracy in your country. Do China's anti-extremism policies. Thank you for that super chat comment. Um we already did that. Vuela. I feel similar about VUA as I do about Nicaragua. Obviously, Venezuela was the first socialist country that I really did a deep dive in and studied and studied the US regime change efforts there. They've been crippled by sanctions, but the the socialist sentiment in Venezuela is still strong. The ruling socialist party peace of wins the elections year after year after year. They have strong support among the people. Um, and that's because the Venezuelan Bolivarian Revolution, as it's called, which is a superb based name and concept. It's basically socialism with Venezuelan characteristics, it wasn't just them winning an election, right? They didn't just rely on the elections. They did win an election in 1998 um after the failed coup attempt led by Hugo Chavez in 1992. Um, they did win an election, but they also had massive support among the trade unions. They had massive support among the working masses and not only did they have support but they took steps to get them organized so they can actually exert political force and created new bodies like the national assembly to give them more say in the government itself. So by deepening these real forms of democracy um by really transferring power from the hands of the rulers and into the hands of the people um they've really deepened their socialist project and allowed themselves to fend off imperialism. There's all these communes in Venezuela, urban and agricultural communes, um, where people are living collectively in this, you know, very communistic way, and the government funds them and gives them food and, uh, you know, gives them jobs and and, uh, helps plan the economy for them. So, there's all these different, you know, deeply entrenched workingclass organizations that equal real workingclass political power. It's not just running in an election every few years and trying to get socialists elected, right? They have real working-class power in in Venezuela even though they're not Marxist Leninist and they have some weird um they have some weird infatuation with Trosky. A lot of Venezuelans like Trosky and I don't get it and it scares worries me but um either way still very based. Shout out to our friends in Venezuela. Vietnam. Oh boy. Oh boy. Huie's gonna be angry now. Huie's gonna be angry now. boy. You know, maybe Hueie's right and Vietnam's heading in a horrible direction and they're revisionist and they're going to fall apart. Um, I hope they go the opposite direction. I hope they start moving closer with China and start doing anti-corruption campaigns in the same way that China has and recalibrate their system, you know, in a in a good direction. But either way, Marxist Len in this country. The Vietnam War is one of the most inspiring stories of all time. Without them, Laos would not be a Marxist Leninist country. Their brothers in Laos. They helped every single step of the way. Ho Chi Min and the Vietmen were some of the most heroic people of all time. And they did reform and opening up after the '9s. Leaned upon their brothers. Um, leaned upon the other socialist countries. Although they have this weird beef with China that I hate. I don't get it. makes no sense that Vietnam and China hate each other. And when both were socialists, they actually fought a small war. Um, and China was backing Paul Pot and Cambodia while Vietnam went in and took Paul Pot out. Um, nowadays, some people think that Vietnam has restored capitalism, but um, you know, the the working class is still in control of the government, the party's still in control of the state. Um, so until they lose control of the state and stop centrally planning so many large aspects of their economy, um, you know, I'm still committed to supporting them. Um, you know, and I still consider them a a sovereign Marxist Leninist country in the the 21st century. And, you know, if you look at the the schools and and healthc care facilities and stuff that they built built in the rural regions, it was they've done a lot for their people. Vietnam was quite industrialized before the revolution and the war. Um but the the US bombing campaigns made it much more difficult for them to transition to socialism because so much  got destroyed. Um they would have had a very easy transition to socialism um if it wasn't for that. So either way, even if you're like Huey and you're really critical of V Vietnam's government, their system looks nothing like US capitalism. There's tons of central planning, tons of collectively owned land, tons of publicowned infrastructure and things. So yeah, I know I know you don't like the reform and opening up policy, but to be honest with you, I think if Vietnam didn't do reform and opening up, they would have been crushed. They would have been starved and crushed and the parties wouldn't still be in power. The question is, can they recalibrate the way that China has with the deepening of the poverty alleviation efforts and the anti-corruption campaigns? I agree they should nationalize a lot of that and uh crack down on private sector corruption in a really harsh way which I don't know if they're going to do that or not. That's what China had to do. Um we know that reform and opening up leads to a lot of problems, right? It it vastly increases wealth and it can be a tool, but it releases what Deng called the animal spirits of capitalism. I think that was Deng who called them that. Either way, um the um you know, there's a lot of things that that come from that. So, it it takes uh a strong state apparatus to control it. Um to I don't know enough about Vietnam, to be honest, to make a strong prediction though about that um about which direction they're heading in. But I hope the party continues to stay on top. Okay. What is this? Somebody tell me what this is. I'm going to skip it for now. Yugoslavia, the market socialist Yugoslavia. H. Do I put you in A or B? I'm almost tempted to put them in A because Yugoslavia was torn apart by ethnic fighting. And it's a really good example of the thing I've been talking about recently where big countries are able to unite a lot of different kinds of people, different nationalities, different ethnic and religious groups, which Yugoslavia was able to do. And they get points just for being able to do that. and for the the Yugoslavs who sacrificed their lives to fight Hitler and Nazism, fascism, um, Mussoliniism. U, but Tito's debates with the USSR were pretty stupid. I side with the USSR and pretty much all of them. Um, China learned a lot from Yugoslavia's mistakes and their successes. They had like this market socialism thing that was good. It was much better than what they have now. Really an absolute tragedy what's happened to the country. They made a huge mistake taking IMF and World Bank loans in the 70s I believe. Um, let me see who do I have an A? Uh, these are mostly Marxist Leninist countries or still existing non-Marxist Leninist socialist countries. Sugosi's got to go B. Did they tech Did Tito technically consider himself ML even though he did the market socialism thing? He did. Interesting. But they he basically changed it so much they had to call it Titoism. I don't know. H we'll put him in a You know what? I'll be generous today. Shout out to him. You're welcome, Tito. I wish you live forever. Does anyone know what this is? What this flag is? That's not what I want. What is that flag? Someone help, please. Oh, it's South Yemen. Okay, that's why I didn't know it because it no longer exists. South Yemen was awesome. Um there there was a good chance that uh I believe North Yemen had an a leader who was elected and he was like a nationalist leader but he wanted to unite North Yemen with South Yemen and it would have been so awesome. Yemen has a history of based politics. You all know they're based today with the Houthies, right? They have a history of this. They had like a superbased government in the north I believe and then in the south they had the communist government plus a lot of Yemeni nationalists who supported the communist government and there was like a US coup in the north or something and then they ended up fighting a civil war and the unity never happened and the communist government went away. It's a tragic story, but of course the Yemenes are still extremely based um with the Houthies who are essentially, you know, Arab communists. Um so really tragic story, but shout out to Yemen. Always been attacked by imperialism. We'll put him up at the front of B here with Afghanistan. Um almost done, guys. Almost done. Two more. We'll start with Burkino Faso under Thomas Sankara. Amazing uncorruptible man. Completely uncorruptible man. Sold off all the government's luxury goods. Launched campaigns to plant trees and teach people to read and give people education and healthcare. Brutally murdered in a western coup. Didn't uh do enough to crack down upon the traitors within his own administration. and he was betrayed by um his best friend uh bla1 Kuare who had been taking Belgium I believe and maybe US money working together with whatever western intelligence agencies. Um so S car is a definitely a personal hero of mine. I love that guy. Um so they were Marxist Leninist but failed which means we should put them in a that's where most the failed ML states have been going. Why is Bkina Faso so much bigger than the rest? Um, and I mean now could you even consider them a a socialist state today under Triayor? I mean it's a very reasonable thing to propose number one or the last one which will be a number one the USSR. I know that uh all the other socialist countries who failed who ultimately failed were not in S tier but the USSR gets to be an S tier by being virtue of the very first socialist experiment the one that paved the way for all the others. So every other socialist country including China and China did this extensively could look at the USSR and say what did they do right and what did they do wrong right they could learn from their mistakes and from their successes and this was a huge reason for the success that the Chinese had especially in the early years studying Soviet central planning and how it operated. Um the October Revolution changed the world, right? It showed that a um it showed that the toiling masses, the working people of a country could form their own state, their own government, and govern themselves. That they didn't need the overlords, right? That these myths about us needing to be ruled by capitalists who are so much smarter and genius than us. that these myths were not true and the working people could create their own government. A government which vastly increased life expectancy and standard of life, teaching everyone to read, bringing everyone health care, industrializing the country, defeating the Nazis, giving everyone more vacation time, giving their citizens more calories than what American citizens were getting, but with even healthier food, right? Not even healthier food, but with healthier food. Um, the USSR was the inspiration for the rest of the world. It was the model for the rest of the world to follow. And sometimes, you know, like here in the US, the CPUSA followed that model a little too closely instead of doing what the Chinese did, learning from the Soviets mistakes and uh applying Marxism uniquely to their own unique conditions. Um, but still the USSR paved the way for everything after and we owe a a great a great debt. We should all be very grateful grateful to the man Vladimir Lenon and the other Bolsheviks uh who led that 1917 revolution. The day that shook the world, 10 days that shook the world. That's the name of that John Reed book, right? That's a good good name for the book because that explains why the USSR was what it was. Like even the because it shook the world. It inspired workers globally. Even the Zapatistas in Mexico who were anarchists love the Bolsheviks, right? And they were like, "We should do what the Bolsheviks are doing." This was before, I think, Marxism Leninism. It was because Stalin was the first person who coined that term. It was before Marxism Leninism was being spread. So, you had these anarchists um in Mexico who were like, "Yes, bullshitism is awesome. We should do exactly what they're doing." They were just they wanted to be Marxist Leninists. They just didn't have the theory yet. All right, there's the list, folks. What do you think? Should I download it? Is this going to give my computer aids? There we go. Maybe I should tweet it out. Um, which ones do you disagree with the most or agree with the most? Let me see if I made any mistakes here. Nepal could definitely be lower. Definitely could be lower. I just don't know enough about it. Yugoslavia could be lower for sure. For sure. A lot of people would drop Yugoslavia lower because of the stupid debates Tito had with Stalin and, you know, insisting upon going his own way. I don't know. It looks pretty good though. I guess Poland and Czechoslovakia could be higher. The Czechoslovak Soviet Republic or Socialist Republic, not Soviet, Socialist, they could be higher. I just don't know anything about him. And Paul Pot should be S tier.