couple of updates from President Trump and the ongoing conflict in Iran which they said would last for weeks um like four the number four not four weeks and um some concerning updates from President Trump today and I I do know I I think there's a little bit of posturing here but I do think it's concerning when um anytime you start talking about boots on on the ground. We've already lost several American lives in this conflict, which makes it very different than the last time with Iran. It also makes it very different than uh the other military operation where we snuck in under the cover of night and plucked that guy out of there. this time now Americans have lost their lives and that's an undeniable fact which changes the equation for a lot of people like me who were cautiously optimistic that this would be a you know um just a blowout from afar as opposed to uh any kind of boots on the ground scenario. I get why he had can't rule it out because you don't want to tell the enemy that like well I'm not going to do that. So, I get that. But this is interesting. Let's first talk about some of the casualties that have happened. Um, you know, President Trump broke his silence yesterday on the first US casualties in the Iran war over an exclusive phone interview with the Daily Mail. Three US service members lost their lives in the fighting. They've yet to be identified publicly. They're great people, the president said. And you know what? We expect that to happen. Unfortunately, could happen continuous. it could happen again, which again I think really adds a lot of fuel to the, you know, Americans shouldn't be dying for, you know, to free the Iranian people. Um, if you were just going to fire missiles in there, that's something that I would reluctantly have been on board with. Boots on the ground, I absolutely do not support. Uh, we have plenty of missiles. We have plenty of, you know, stealth bombers and F-15s and I I just I I am very very concerned uh about that. We'll get to that in a second. We've done pretty well, he noted, adding, but they're great people with outstanding records. Trump also revealed a potential timeline for the war with Iran, suggesting the fighting could go on for the next four weeks. It's always been a four-week process. We figured it would be four weeks or so. It's been always been about a four-week process. So, as strong as it is, it's a big country. It'll take four weeks or less, the president explained. He said he hasn't been surprised by any of the outcomes of the strikes thus far. Uh, I think it's going as planned. You know, uh, we took out their entire leadership so far, far more than we thought. Looks like 48 of them, he answered. The president remained open to more talks with Iranians, but couldn't say if they would happen anytime soon. I don't know, he answered. They want to talk. They want to talk, but I said you should have talked last week, not this week. And part of that is true. You know, part of that is the f around and find out aspect of it. Uh I assume there was some level of negotiation going on behind the scenes for, you know, some serious, you know, amount of time. Uh but, you know, the time to talk was over is over now. Um the president spoke to the Daily Mail from his Mara Lago resort where he's been hunkered down since ordering the strikes. He vowed to avenge the US troops killed in the war with Iran and issued a new ultimatum to the enemy and implored America to back his battle for freedom in his second address to the nation in 48 hours. America will avenge their deaths, delivering the most punishing blow to the terries who have waged war against basically civilization, Trump said from his Mara Lago resort on Sunday after the deaths of three service personnel in Kuwait. Now, I don't know if that was uh the friendly fire ones. Um I'm I'm not totally sure. I don't think so. I think the F-15 those were also friendly fire, but I I don't think those pilots passed away. Uh Trump told Iran's leaders to give up the fight which has exploded across the Middle East with missiles raining down on Israel, Arab states including Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the UAE and on military bases in the region. These intolerable threats will not continue any longer. I once again urged the Revolutionary Guard, the Iranian military police to lay down your arms and receive full immunity or face certain death. The president said, "He urge the Iranian people to rise up and overthrow the Islamic regime. Be brave, be bold, be heroic, take back your country." I mean, um, sure. Uh, I I don't know that you just let their military lay down their arms and walk away. Um, I I'm not sure. I think you probably have to eliminate them. That's I don't know. But now, one hour ago, he put out this address, which we'll look at the response to. >> Over the past 36 hours, the United States and its partners have launched Operation Epic Fury, one of the largest, most complex, most overwhelming military offensives the world has ever seen. Nobody's seen anything like it. We have hit hundreds of targets in Iran, including Revolutionary Guard facilities, Iranian air defense systems. Just now was announced that we knocked out nine ships plus their naval building. All in a matter of literally minutes. Iran's formerly Supreme Leader Ayatollah Hame is dead. This wretched and vile man had the blood of hundreds and even thousands of Americans on his hands and was responsible for the slaughter of countless thousands of innocent people all across many countries. Last night, all over Iran, the voices of the Iranian people could be heard cheering and celebrating in the streets when his death was announced. The entire military command is gone as well and many of them want to surrender into saving their lives. They want immunity. They're calling by the thousands. Combat operations continue at this time in full force and they will continue until all of our objectives are achieved. We have very strong objectives. They could have done something two weeks ago, but they just couldn't get there. Earlier today, Sentcom shared the news that three US military service members have been killed in action. As one nation, we grieve for the true American patriots who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation. Even as we continue the righteous mission for which they gave their lives, we pray for the full recovery of the wounded and send our >> again. So this is him formally kind of announcing I'm not going to play the whole six minutes here. Um some of the replies, you know, can we also put peaceful pressure on Senator Thun to bring the Save America Act, you know, Donald Trump, the most competent commander-in-chief in modern history. You know, I think that the war as it is now, which wasn't uh you know, uh you know, when it was just firing missiles, I think some people were kind of cautiously optimistic with it. I think most Americans oppose a quote unquote all-out war with Iran. Um which to me that would be, you know, boots on the ground. If it gets to the point where boots on the ground are there, then I'm full steadfast against it. You know, blowing up the Ayatollah, um, I don't really care about that. Um, but the issue to me is when he says Trump will not rule out sending US troops into Iran if necessary. He tells the Post that the the war is progressing way ahead of schedule. Um the President Trump told the Post that money is not ruling out sending US troops into Iran if they were necessary adding that Operation Epic Fury was way ahead of schedule by taking on dozens of Tran's top officials. I don't have the yips with respect to boots on the ground. Like every president says, there will be no boots on the ground. I don't say it. Trump said after launching strikes Saturday to decapitate Iran's military and political leadership. I say probably don't need them or if they were necessary. Trump told the Daily Mail on Sunday the estimated the war would last 4 weeks or so, but hinted to the Post Monday that that time frame could be shortened. It's going to go pretty quickly. We're right on schedule, way ahead of schedule in terms of leadership. 49 KIA uh killed and that was, you know, going to take, we figured, at least 4 weeks. and we did it in a single day. I mean, again, we talk about I think that he's just saying I'm not ruling out boots on the ground because that's just a strategic thing. If you say out front, right up front, hey, I'm not going to have boots on the ground, then you're telling your enemy ahead of time, they never have to worry about that. Um, so to me, I think quote unquote panicking over that is, you know, I think it's extraordinarily normal to be very concerned when you hear that, just like I am. But I'm hoping this is just him kind of, you know, playing the negotiation thing, saying like, look, uh, I don't know, you know, I we can't rule it out, you know. Um, now Reuters Ipsos poll conducted Saturday and Sunday found that just 27% of Americans approve of the strikes while 43 disprove and 29% were not sure. Polling ahead of the strikes showed similar minority support for a possible war. I think the polling is very good, he said. But I don't care about the polling. I have to do the right thing. I have to do the right thing. This should have been done a long time ago, Trump said. So Trump says, I don't care about the polling, which is very odd for him. He definitely cares about the polling. Um, doing this right before midterms. Pretty wild. Again, if it's just firing a bunch of missiles in there and and cleaning it up, that's one thing. I I again, I I wouldn't go as far as saying like I support it, but I was willing to like accept that. Once you roll in, once you bake in any possibility of boots on the ground, now I'm very very concerned. But I really think this is just him negotiating. I really think that this whole conflict will probably be over this week. It's not going to last anywhere near 4 weeks. I I can't imagine um you know, I I just can't imagine there's enough targets to to blow up to last 4 weeks. Uh I can't imagine Iran, you know, getting attacked from all sides right now. even Saudi Arabia, you know, um I'm not sure that they have anywhere near the uh appetite to take on four, five, six countries at one time. Their leadership has been completely decimated. You know, I felt a lot better about this if it was going to be a one or two day thing. Um but I guess it's going to take a little bit of time, which I suspect, you know, I I I understand. Um, but I don't like using you losing US service members. And I know this is like a crazy unrealistic expectation in war where it's like, you know, you we have like historically things like D-Day where, you know, you just thousands and thousands of people, you know, don't even make it to the beach. Um, now it's like, well, if we lose one, it's like, oh man. But I just think it's different these days. We have all this long range stuff and this says um they succumb to injuries. The fourth person initially listed as seriously wounded back from the attack targeting Kuwait. So all these all these soldiers were hit in Kuwait it looks like. And um you know I pray that that is the end. I pray that we do not lose any more American soldiers or US citizens because we have, you know, these Terry cells in America that seem to be getting nice and activated. I hope you're informed by this video. Keep it locked in here. I will keep you updated uh and try to cut through some of the sensationalism and just report straightforward facts when I can. If you enjoyed the video, make sure you leave a like on it. If you haven't yet, please subscribe or follow down below and we'll talk to you again real soon.