Hey guys, today's video is gonna be a bit different. Because it's partially gonna be a game show. But the main focus lies on showing the connection between the extremely anti-Semitic conspiracy theory of Cultural Bolshevism propagated by the extreme Right in Weimar Germany, and the Cultural Marxism theory you often hear today. And yes, there is a connection, although the Right and certain YouTube skeptics like to pretend it doesn't exist. So what is Cultural Marxism? Well, everyone seems to have a different definition on this but the general consensus seems to be that there is a certain group of people, namely Marxists, who try to influence Western culture in a certain way to ultimately bring down Western civilization which they view as oppressive. Their tools to reach this goal are things like feminism, multiculturalism, diversity quotas, or through Arts or Social Sciences. The explanation of what Cultural Marxism actually is heavily depends on who you ask. Jordan Peterson for instance usually uses the term "Postmodernism," and traces this movement back to French intellectuals like Jacques Derrida, but the theory is basically the same. However the vast majority of people who buy into this theory refer to something called the Frankfurt School as the origin of this subversive movement. Where a bunch of Marxists got together to think of a way to turn a Capitalist society into a Communist one through different means than calling for the uprising of the Proletariat since this wasn't just appealing to the masses after the disaster of Stalinism. What they came up with was Cultural Marxism or sometimes called Critical Theory. Now you might be wondering, "what do the Nazis have to do with this? People like Sargon or Stefan Molyneux never attribute this supposed movement to Jews or say anything which could be laid out as anti-Semitic." Well, all in due time. Let's take a look at history first. Here's where you'll be able to score your first point. You will hear a quote and if you can vaguely guess who might have said it you score a point. Let's listen in [Narrator] Bolshevism is not only anti-bourgeois, it is anti-cultural. It means in the final consequence, the absolute destruction of all economic, social, state, cultural and civilizing advances made by Western civilization for the benefit of a rootless and nomadic international clique of conspirators who have found their representation in Jewry. [Three Arrows] Now the end kinda gave it away there but that's okay. If you guessed this quote is probably from some Nazi, you're correct. It is taken from one of Joseph Goebbels' speeches in 1935. Starting in the Weimar Republic and up until 1945, the far-Right used the term Cultural Bolshevism to demonstrate how the Bolsheviks tried to subvert German society with progressive art, lifestyle and things like Bauhaus architecture, to eventually take over completely, while simultaneously destroying the appreciation of 'non-degenerate art.' The Nazis viewed Bolshevism or Marxism as inherently Jewish, by the way. And like Cultural Marxism today, the Nazis always kept it really vague and difficult to pin down who was actually doing the supposed subversion of Western civilization and how. Now just because they sound very similar, that doesn't mean there's necessarily a link between the anti-Semitic conspiracy theories of the Nazis and the theory of Cultural Marxism today. But by the end of this video you will see where I'm coming from. For now, we'll put German history to the side for a second. Let's look at the two guys who did the biggest job in spreading the idea of Cultural Marxism subverting Western civilization through academia. And here you can earn you're next point I will give you a book title, and you can guess who wrote it. Here it goes: 'The Death of the West: How Dying Populations and Immigrant Invasions Imperil Our Country and Civilization' If you guessed Stefan Molyneux that would be understandable since it sounds very much like the secondary title of his book but it's actually from Pat Buchanan who is your typical borderline racist, paleo-conservative who likes to complain about Jews being overrepresented in the U.S. Supreme Court. In his book that I just mentioned he claims that 'Cultural Marxists' subvert and de-Christianize Western civilization through academia, and also points to the Frankfurt school. And by de-Christianize, he doesn't mean people are less likely to love their neighbour but become more accepting towards homosexuality and stuff like that. He also wrote a book on how Britain should have never declared war on Nazi Germany and that the Holocaust was more or less a consequence of that. Now my summary was very simplified but Christopher Hitchens wrote a good critique of it which I will leave in the description. And like the Jews in Weimar Germany, the Frankfurt School provides a convenient target for people like Buchanan. By centring the conspiracy around Marxism, since there are no Bolsheviks around anymore, they want to evoke the feeling that Western culture is being attacked from the outside. By a mysterious anti-American cabal that nobody can really pin down, but has its fingers in everything. The other guy is William S. Lind, who is a bit more overt about his views than Pat Buchanan. For instance he consistently speaks out for bringing back hanging as a common sentence for crime, but only in what he describes as 'Urban areas.' In 1989, he spoke at a conference and claimed that political correctness and Cultural Marxism were totalitarian ideologies that were turning American campuses into small Ivy-covered, North Koreas, where the student or faculty member who dares to cross any of the lines set up by the 'Gender-Feminists' or the 'Homosexual Rights Activists,' would quickly find themselves in legal trouble. And this was in 1989 so as you can see, this is not a new talking point by the Right. And here is where we get to the good stuff like so many of the YouTube skeptics or Jordan Peterson, Lind cultivated a certain group of people with his comments. [Speaker] Could Jewish individuals use their position of power to seek out revenge against places like Europe and Russia, that have a history of expelling Jews? 
[Peterson] Okay, hold it, hold it, hold it [Three Arrows] In 2002, he attended a conference in Washington D.C. He held a speech at this conference, which was supported by the bi-monthly Holocaust denial magazine 'Barnes Review,' in front of a bunch of self-described historical revisionists, anti-Semites, and neo-Nazis. And while I should mention that Lind is not a Holocaust denier, in his speech he identified a small group of people who had poisoned American culture and pointed to a specific connection. "These guys" - meaning those guys over at the Frankfurt School - "they were all Jewish." Which was, of course, met with thundering applause by his audience. Now up until this point, I only talked about where this theory originated and how it entered the modern discourse. What about the Frankfurt School? Let's take a look. I can't go into much detail here because philosophy is not my strong side, but even as a layman, reading up on the Frankfurt School and the work of the theorists there, it becomes blatantly obvious that it doesn't fit the narrative of the Cultural Marxism conspiracy theory. Let's listen to another quote and try to guess who might have said it. [Narrator] Culture today is infecting everything with sameness. Film, radio, and magazines form a system. Each branch of culture is unanimous within itself and all are unanimous together. Film and radio no longer need to present themselves as art. [Three Arrows] Now that sounded awfully similar to Paul Joseph Watson's criticism of modern entertainment. 
[Watson] Look at popular music The same handful of people writing and producing songs for the same handful of popular artists. Why do you think everything sounds the same? The same precession of electronic beats, repeated hooks, and verbal diarrhea that passes for popular music now. [Three Arrows] He is not the one who wrote this though. It was actually Theodore Adorno, who is credited as the main proponent of critical theory, and the Frankfurt School. But while Paul attributes him and his colleagues with the 'phasing of popular culture,' the Frankfurt School criticizes the exact same thing in their book 'Dialectic of Enlightment' under the chapter 'The Culture Industry.' Only that Adorno believes Capitalism is at fault for this and, you know, maybe he has a point there. What is more likely to be the reason for this? Is it maybe that sex sells and gets attention? Or is it the plan or Adorno and Horkheimer -- who would have despised this -- to secretly utter in a new era of Communism. I'll let you decide. Okay we're getting close to the end here so I only have two questions left. I'm looking for a philosopher who strongly criticized Postmodernism because he thought that people like Derrida, Foucault, and Nietzsche committed a contradiction that critiques of Postmodernism by employing concepts and methods that only modern reason can provide. He also criticized Nietzsche's methods as a gesture towards the lost of unity in Western culture that was provided by religion in pre-modern times. If you guessed it was the saviour of Western civilization himself, Jordan Peterson, you would be wrong. I was talking about a guy called Jürgen Habermas, who took over as the main representative of the Frankfurt School after Adorno died, and who is one of the most prominent critics of Postmodernism. So prominent, in fact, that he has his own entry in the 'Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy' Now some of you might be asking yourself "a Marxist criticizing Postmodernism? How does that go together since Peterson always mentions those Postmodern Neo-Marxists?" Well this really shows the big problem when people talk about these things on YouTube. They use certain words so interchangeably, without explaining what they are actually talking about until these words have lost all their meaning. Marxism is the same thing as Communism, which is the same thing as Postmodernism and Stalinism, et cetera, et cetera They should just call them the 'bad guys' from now on, seriously. What I'm getting at is that this Boogeyman that the Cultural Marxism meme is trying to sell you as the Frankfurt School is not at all based in reality. While people like Adorno, Horkheimer, Löwenthal, and Neumann were Marxists, they were hardly hell-bent on destroying Western values or civilization. In fact, they wanted to hold on and promote these values like rationalism and personal freedom. What they critiqued was the way that Capitalism was detrimental to Enlightenment values, and culture. And if you take a dive into their actual work,  you will find that some of these guys actually disliked things like Postmodernism, Pop culture, or political correctness. The notion that these guys wanted to bring about Communism with the means of political correctness is even contradictory to Marxist understanding that this goal can only be reached by changes in economic relationships between people. But I'm sure if there's anyone in the comment sections with a background in philosophy [they] can explain it much better than I can. You know, there's a reason Wikipedia had to remove the entry for Cultural Marxism and move it to the entry of the Frankfurt school as a conspiracy theory. And it's not the international Jewish cabal. It is because not a single person could provide evidence for it or show a link between the people in the Feminist cringe compilations and some guys in Germany writing about how much they hate shitty boy bands. Ultimately this theory is defeated by one question: Where is the evidence? You know, where is it? Where are these Marxist countries in the West? In the birth country of Marx, the two biggest Communist parties which are the German Communist party and the Marxist-Leninist Party, didn't even get more than 0.1% of the votes combined. You know, Trump is president, and Brexit happened, and all of Europe is shifting to the right, But since I saw some college students waving the USSR flag on YouTube, this really is the biggest threat to Western values, I guess. I'm obviously not a Communist so if there is a takeover ahead, I will want to know. But no one can provide me any evidence. Not even Miley Cyrus coming out and saying that she really opened her eyes to bringing down Western culture via dancing naked on stage. And if you ask people who subscribe to the Cultural Marxism meme for evidence they'll usually point to political correctness or radical students. Well, maybe it's not the international Marxist cabal who is secretly pulling the strings but other factors. Maybe politicians and companies adapt political correctness to appeal to a broader voter and consumer base. And yes, I do acknowledge that college students tend to be more radical and some of the stuff they do is insane but this has always been the case. A lot of people tend to get way too confident in their views when their in college. Like, for instance, when a couple of feminist female students during one of Adorno's lectures -- who was the head figure of the Frankfurt School -- stood up, took off their clothes and started kissing Adorno as a form of protest against patriarchal structures, which produced this great photo. And while other men might have embraced this form of protest Old Man Adorno didn't. He called the police on them and had them removed. This was in the late 60s by the way. And now, at last, we're here at the last quote for the video. And if you didn't score any points up until now this is your chance to make it all up. "The doctrine of Marxism repudiates the aristocratic principle of Nature and substitutes it for [the] eternal privilege of force and energy, numerical mass and its dead weight. Thus it denies the individual worth of the human personality, impugns the teaching [that] nationhood and race have a primary significance, and by doing this it takes away the very foundations of human existence and human civilization. If the Marxist teaching were to be accepted as the foundation of life in the universe, it would lead to the disappearance of all order that is conceivable to the human mind. And thus the adoption of such law would provoke chaos in the structure of the greatest organism that we know, with the result that the inhabitants of this planet Earth would disappear." Now, who might have wrote this? Is it from this book? Or this book? Or maybe from the manifesto of mass murderer Anders Breivik since he also believed in Cultural Marxism. Well, all very good guesses but it's actually from this book. Specifically, from chapter two, 'Years of Study and Suffering in Vienna.' And the only word I had to leave out to make it almost indistinguishable from what people like Stefan Molyneux want to make you believe is the biggest threat to the West right now is Jewish. It's nothing but Red Scare hysteria, then and now. And here's where we come full circle. The Cultural Bolshevism conspiracy theory of the Nazis is inseparable to the Cultural Marxism meme of today. These parallels are not incidental. Do you think that in any of Sargon's videos he shows the link between what he calls 'Cultural Marxists' and even a sentence by anyone of the Frankfurt School? Neither does Stefan Molyneux, Paul Joseph Watson or Aydin Paladin. They require you to accept it as a given that this is what's happening without demonstrating how this actually happens or making any specific references to the teachings of the Frankfurt School They don't do it because there is none. And the only way you can subscribe to this is thinking, "you know the Nazis and Anders Breivik may have been mass murdering psychopaths whose ideas completely ran against what Western Values are but that Cultural Marxism thing - they had that figured out. Except it's not the Jews of course, it's the Globalists." Now do I think people like Sargon or Stefan raging anti-Semites who read 'Mein Kampf' every day before going to bed? No. They simply bank on outrage and alarmism. According to Stefan my country should have collapsed five or six times by now with the video 'There Will Be No Economic Recovery' having aged especially well. But I'm sure the caliphate will be declared any second now. On top of that, every one of these guys seems to believe it to a varying degree. Most of the people who talk about on YouTube seem to have bought fully into it or Armoured Skeptic for instance mentioned that he thinks it's real to a certain degree in a livestream With Paul Joseph Watson I have no idea what he actually believes since he is obviously just a con-man. Cultural Marxism is nothing but a conspiracy theory, rooted in anti-Semitism and propagated by people who fail to understand certain changes in culture they dislike. Okay, that's it for today folks. Special thanks go out to Maria The Witch and The Wrong Bishop for lending me their fantastic voices for this video. And I highly encourage you to check out their channels. As always you will find the sources for this video in the description. And feel free to subscribe, follow me on Twitter, or to take the conversation to the comment section. Until next time, have a good one.