So, this tweet got 3.2 million views and 62,000 likes posting this meme that says POV 5 years later you've child. There are people offended at this meme. And I'll tell you the only problem with this meme is the spelling. Like 5 years later, you've child. Like come on. You you couldn't have done a little better with that, but whatever. The video is just like a bunch of wholesome stuff. Like she sees the dad shaving. He's like here here's some shaving cream and a comb for you. You can be just like dad. See source apparently rock shasa street which is apparently a Chinese show based on a South Korean comic aka a mana. So yeah, kind of a little bit to unpack there. And somehow this offended just very bizarre termally online people on twitter.com, probably also on Blue Sky, but that's a given. And they say the most racist, homophobic, bigoted person, you know, just reposted this and this actually got 58,000 likes because, yeah, apparently someone seen a normal, happy family interaction and finding it wholesome. Well, that makes them a homophobic bigot chud. And this sort of pathetic termly online behavior is exactly why people don't care about these buzzwords anymore at all. So congratulations. That whole tweet seems like something you would have seen like 5 years ago, like back in 2020, but 5 years later, 6 years later now, and people are still seething at stuff like that. It's crazy. Like imagine just spending at least half a decade of your life getting mad at like wholesome things, like a normal family interaction. Then you got other people seething in the responses saying stuff like they really think they're good people and you can tell they genuinely think they deserve to live. I mean second comment's so dumb it has to be ironic. So yeah like whatever. Now it's just content in a video so thanks I guess. But like the one above that they they really think they're good people. Bro, they just saw like a happy family interaction. What are you talking about? How is it that deep? Did you see people enjoying that wholesome moment? Yeah, they really think they're good people, don't they? And then other people found this tweet. They began to make fun of the termly online behavior going on in the replies and of course the OP then locked the entire thing which is the icing on the cake as they say. Like that just makes it even more funny. Anyways, let me know what you think about this easy content. Got to love it. Thank you Twitter. Thank you X and I'll see you guys in the comments. Have a great rest of your