Holy guacamole. This is the way. When we can no longer trust our justice system to deliver the justice that we want, people need to step up and help apply some pressure. And if you didn't remember, international news reader and uh domestic Terry Don Lemon uh stormed a church the other day and decided that he was going to be an activist and a journalist at the same time. He was promptly arrested, arraigned, and awaits his court date, of which I assume he's looking forward to spending extra time in jail. I'm sure I would hope that he spends it in solitary confinement. I don't want Don Lemon enjoying it too much. But now, let me explain just how amazing this is. Things have gotten much worse for him as now people have started to file civil lawsuits against him for terrorizing them at church. Don Lemon sued over Minnesota church protest. A woman claims who claims to have been attending service on Minnesota church uh during the Minnesota church protest covered by you mean invaded by Don Lemon last month is now suing Lemon and other protesters saying she suffered severe emotional distress as a result of this incident. Now let me be very very clear. There looked like there may have been hundreds of people in attendance. Every single one of them should file a lawsuit. I am dead serious. There has to be a lawyer there willing to take up these cases, willing to help fight for what's right. And most importantly, even if international news reader Don Lemon gets off with a light sentence or maybe no jail time at all, this will ensure absolute financial ruin. In court documents obtained by TMZ and Ducet claims she was attending worship service at the Twin Cities in St. Paul, Minnesota on January 18th when she alleged Don and other unlawfully people other people unlawfully interfered with her ability to freely exercise her religion in a private place of worship. Here's a video of him reporting. Right. >> We show up somewhere. They don't expect us to come there and then we disrupt business as usual. >> Oh. Oh. You mean uh invade churches? You mean uh break constitutionally protected rights of other Americans? Uhoh. >> So, right now it's kind of mayhem. We're not part of the activist, but we're here just reporting on them. >> Oh. Oh. Oh. Okay. Well, if he said that, you know, he brought donuts. He likely, as court documents will probably uh make clear, had communication with them ahead of time, likely knew where they would be, when they had to be there, and he actively participated, at least in my opinion. Remember, the demonstration was held in the wake of Renee Good getting what she deserved, and was meant to confront the city's church pastor, David Easterwood, who is a Minneapolis ICE official. Now, they could have confronted him in public. They could have had a letterw writing campaign. They could have done almost anything outside of breaking a constitutionally protected right. Ducet is suing for an unspecified amount, claiming she suffered severe emotional distress, fear, anxiety, and trauma. I bet she did as a result of the protesters conduct. Ducet claims that Don acted with with the group of protesters and that one protester admitted on social media to assisting Don with logistics and local contacts in support of the operation. Uh-oh. That's not good news for international news readader Don Lemon. According to the papers, Don appeared to take satisfaction in the disruption as he live streamed portions of the event. As we reported, international news reader and gay man Don Lamont insists he was simply exercising his first amendment right as a reporter to document the church demonstration. Well, see, his first amendment right does not supersede the first amendment right of others. In fact, there are specific rights tied to uh church uh proceedings. He was arrested back on January 29th and charged with one count of conspiracy against the right of religious freedom at a place of worship and one count of injuring, intimidating, and interfering with the exercise of the right of religious freedom at a place of worship. He plead not guilty. We've reached out for comment. The leftist messed up with their intimidation tactics. Wrong place this time. They should face consequences. This is on TMZ. Now you know why so many churches have armed security. He will settle out of court for an also undisclosed amount and she will sign an NDA. I'll take bets. Well, maybe maybe that's true. But what they should do what they should do is that's fine. Get your money, girl. Maybe it's a couple hundred grand, but every single solitary one of the other 100 people in that room should also be suing. also reported today, Don Lemon begged for validation from Rachel Matto for years, but she refused to publicly support him. So her his own peers don't want anything to do with him. This is even Rachel Madcow, right? Don Lemon is casting himself as a frontline defender of press freedom following his arrest while participating in a Minnesota protest. Uh, but Micros MS Now news gal Rachel Madcow isn't rushing to publicly support him. Sources say Don has always been a fan. One media executive tells um he wanted her validation for years. When Don Lemon took his case to pathetic loser Jimmy Kimmel, Matto deliberately avoided turning him into a headline. insiders say instead she focused broadly on press freedom, steering clear of Lemon's personal drama. That was intentional. A network source says Rachel Matto does not chase personalities. Matto said, "Yeah, right. Like she doesn't do that for Trump." Mana was said to have had the opportunity to book Don Lemon, who plead not guilty to federal civil rights charges stemming from the incident, but instead chose to speak with another arrested journalist instead. That other person that he spoke about, by the way, is not is also not a journalist. Was also not just another nut job carrying a cell phone. And again, he's toast. Everybody else should sue. Every single church member should file a lawsuit or join a class action. Remember this. >> WHERE ARE YOU? WHERE ARE [screaming] YOU? WHERE ARE YOU? WHERE ARE YOUR PEOPLE? >> WHY ARE YOU NOT AT WIMPLE EVERY DAY FIGHTING FOR THE HUMANITY, STANDING FOR OUR PEOPLE? WHERE >> THIS LUNATIC got arrested, too? Does this look like a peaceful protest to you? Does this look like normal, you know, just a >> Where are you? You drink your coffee. You got your jewelry. >> Sue him. If you're this girl or if you're this guy, you're this guy, you're a her husband, sue him. >> You have your nice clothes. >> They're asking him to leave. Sue him. [snorts] Sue him. >> What do you do? What What do you do to stand for your Somali and Latino communities? >> I'm not going to comment. >> I don't stand for Somali or Latino communities. I stand for Americans. >> You have no comment. Exactly. >> What do you think of this? >> Uhoh. Here's more footage. Don Lemon. >> I mean, this is unacceptable. It's shameful. It's shameful to Yeah. to interrupt a public gathering of Christians in worship. So, >> but there were folks who >> I have to take care of my flock. >> Okay, but listen, we live in a there's a constitution in the first amendment to freedom of speech and >> oops again another deliberate misinterpretation of the first amendment thinking that well my first amendment supersedes yours because I like to get cornholed or because I allegedly put my hands down other men's pants against their will. allegedly >> freedom to assemble and protest. >> Wrong. Not in private facilities and as constitutionally protected. Not churches either. Like Don Lemon is going to lose this lawsuit. By the way, I wasn't at the church, but I felt distress watching Don Lemon on X essentially hold a church hostage. Can I sue? I would think so. Every single person present at that church needs to sue Don Lemon. Parents should need to sue on behalf of their children. I agree. Literally should be a classaction lawsuit. By the way, a woman is claiming emotional distress because Don Lemon stormed into city's church and infringed on her religious freedom. So, she's filed a civil lawsuit. Who else is hoping she gets every dime she can out of this dirt bag? Here's January 23rd, 2026. >> Look, I stand proud and I stand tall. I not This is not a victory lap for me because it's not over. They're going to try again and they're going to try again and guess what? Here I am. Keep trying. >> Not even no apology at all. No, not apologize. Play that in court for the >> That's not going to stop me from being a journalist. You're not going to diminish my voice. Go ahead. Make me into the new Jimmy Kimmel if you want. >> Yeah, he would wish. >> Cuz I'm not going anywhere. Journalist, former colleague of ours, former CNN anchor Don Lemon has been taken into custody, arrested just days after a protest inside a Minneapolis church. >> I mean, there is no doubt he should lose this. This is very bad news for international news readader Don Lemon. Make sure to leave a like on the video to spit on him and we'll talk to you again real soon.