Ahsoka season 2 looks like it might not be coming out in 2026. Let's get into it. Pretty unfortunate news. And this is uh nothing too official, but a lot of fans and a lot of articles are writing about this and reading into the fact that it was not in the press junket of all of the Star Wars stuff coming out in 2026. So, the report is that Star Wars has had some high-profile failures since Disney purchased the rights to the franchise, including blockbuster films like Rise of Skywalker, blah blah blah blah blah. Act like >> fans have been waiting for a new season, but it looks like they'll have to keep waiting. Disney recently released a media kit highlighting everything coming out in 2026, and the conspicuous lack of Ahsoka implies that we'll be waiting until 2027 to see more of a show that premiered way back in 2023. The affforementioned Disney media kit is pretty thorough, covering both Marvel and Star Wars releases. The kit only focused on three upcoming projects set in a galaxy far, far away. The upcoming film, The Mandalorian Grou, and the two animated TV series Maul Shadow Lord and Star Wars Visions presents The Ninth Jedi. Ahsoka was nowhere to be seen, making it seem like the highly anticipated television show's second season will be delayed even longer than we thought it would. For me, this is unfortunate cuz Ahsoka was something that while I didn't really enjoy the conclusion to season 1, I thought that it was compelling for the part that it had Anakin. it had Ahsoka, even though she's a little bit different now, and that it had Balen, Skull, and Shinhhati, namely them. Like those were the two that I was actually really interested in because I felt like their characters and their character arc was actually really interesting. Now, Thron on the other hand, I feel like after Heir to the Empire, I don't think Disney has been able to nail Thron the way that he was portrayed in the original trilogy of Heir to the Empire. Ever since then, his character has been kind of just um sullied. I would say it's been diluted, which is unfortunate. Does this mean that it's possible for Ahsoka season 2 to release in 2026? Not necessarily. A show being emitted from a media kit isn't the same as an official announcement of a delay. Plus, some fans think that Disney may have left this hit show out of the previews because all of the projects in the media kit have confirmed release dates and Ahsoka, for whatever reason, does not. So, if there was never a confirmed release date for season 2, then why do so many people think that the show has been delayed? The short answer is filming for season 1 wrapped up in October 2022 and the show after the addition of crucial features like special effects didn't come out until August 23. When season 2 wrapped filming in October 2025, fans began to despair that assuming Disney followed a similar production timeline, which I would imagine season 2 probably has even more CGI VFX post production required for season 2 compared to season 1. They'd have to wait until late 2026 to see it. So, look, I think that Ahsoka season 2 could still come out in 2026, but it would be like the very end of December. like it would be, you know, like a Christmas December 2026. By the way, shout out to this ad popping up, theories.com. We got 25% off going on right now for a few more days to wrap up the holiday sale. Or if you don't want the discount, you get two free sabers while supplies last. Ahsoka's absence from Disney's preview kit implies that the show won't return until 2027, which means that the House of Mouse is really playing with fire here. This show was a smash hit when Star Wars franchise really needed one. But the lengthy production schedule has threatened to halt the series pop culture momentum. If it ends up coming out in late 2027, the fans may not be as excited for something they had to wait nearly half a decade to see, which is true. I mean, it would literally be like 5 years almost until I don't know what they're doing over there, man. Like, it just it seems like just such a show. And it doesn't have to be. I think it could be much more streamlined and if they just schedule things and write things down, maybe take some actual care into it and plan accordingly. Use my knowledge. I beg you. >> There's no reason for this to be anything other than regimented when it comes to releasing films and shows for Star Wars. There shouldn't be this long of a gap or a dry period for Star Wars at all. I mean, there are so many different things that they could be making. games, movies, shows, cartoons, whatever they want really. There is a plethora of source material, expanded universe, fanfictions that they could just pump out or fun. But the thing is, when I say pump out, I don't mean do it crappy. I mean, it really doesn't take a rocket scientist to make something great for Star Wars. I mean, look at half the Star Wars YouTubers out there. Some of them come up with some great entertaining stuff. And a multi-billion dollar company like Disney, which is worth hundreds of millions arguably, can create something that would be extremely loved by the fans. At least they can stick to release dates. And that kind of does add up, you know? I mean, it did take them about a year or so for Ahsoka season 2 to finish post production, right? Cuz there's pre-production, which is where they're essentially writing all the scripts and stuff. There's production where they're filming, and then there's post-production where they're doing all the cleaning up, the FX, whatever. And that process takes probably the longest because filming you want it to be as fast as possible because it's the most expensive. Now, post-prouction is what will take arguably longer than anything else really, especially if you go in and you see that there's a lot of mistakes or a lot of things that weren't filmed and you got to do all of those cleanups and fix ups in post essentially. Sometimes even going back for re-shoots cuz you're like, "This just won't hit." So, if we don't get Ahsoka season 2 in 2026, that's unfortunate because that means we will only get the Maul show and Mando and Grou, which is still better than this last year that we had like this year and last year really. What did we have last year? Acolyte and Andor. I don't know, man. Time's just melding together. And then I just I think we need actual good Star Wars. And I and I think a lot of fans are just so desperate for it and hungry for it, that they're soaking up the AI slop out there, which is made by Star Wars fans and arguably more entertaining than any of the stuff this multi-billion dollar company that owns Star Wars is making. And it just goes to show that people don't actually prefer AI slop. They just want to be entertained. They just want good Star Wars stuff. Whether that be fanfictions or that be actual Star Wars content or Star Wars content that looks like Star Wars content, AI content, it doesn't matter at the end of the day. People just want that old feeling that George gave them. And for whatever reason, Disney is incapable of doing that to the same level that George did because he focused on story. And they're focused more on quarter earnings and just pumping out stuff, which now they're not even pumping out anything cuz it seems like I don't know, everything's at a standstill. At any rate, we can only hope that Ahsoka comes back sooner rather than later. Like Obi-Wan Kenobi, this plucky show may be our only hope of restoring the Star Wars franchise to its former luster. I I disagree with that. I I don't think that Ahsoka season 2 will restore Star Wars in any capacity. I think too much damage has been done. And I think in order to restore it, it's not impossible. It is possible, but you would have to do a ton of damage control. You would have to bring at least Luke and Han back in some capacity. And unfortunately, you have to make Leia CGI or deep fake or something and redo the whole sequel trilogy and start from there. a formal apology from Kathleen Kennedy or whoever saying that look, we messed up and we want to make it right and from there on we just get good Star Wars, right? But fear not, my fellow Star Wars fans, because Vader Episode 2 will be dropping in 2026, early 2026. That good piece of news that I wanted to announce to you guys uh about a week or two ago was finalized last week and I want to keep it under wraps and you'll understand why once I release the information, but just know that it went extremely well. It happened and I am very excited to release this movie. The most excited for this than anything in my life really. So, we are hard at work. My guys are working every day and they're making something that is going to be truly truly loved by so many fans out there. More on that soon, but uh we are almost there. >> I say patience. Patience. >> Anyways, let me know what you think about Ahsoka season 2. Hopefully, it does come out in 2026. I would like to see it and I'd like to see the continuation of Balon Skull and Shinhhati. I think those two characters really are what are pulling a lot of fans to want to see the show and really carried the first season cuz the whole Sabine thing nah it didn't land for me. Let me know what you think. Hope you have a great day and may the force be with you always. >> Now fulfill your destiny. Heat.