The official Star Wars web page has ranked the lightsaber fights in all of Star Wars. And uh you'd be surprised at what they didn't put in there. Or maybe you won't be surprised. So, right off the bat, not to make this even you have to watch the whole thing, they did not include Anakin vers Obi-Wan, but they included some acolyte fight scene. They included uh Rogue One, Darth Vader in the hallway. You know, let's get into it. Now, before we begin, I do want to say that everyone is entitled to their opinions. Now, if this was just a a tweet of a Star Wars fan or if this was just an article that was written by one of those shill article sites, yeah, absolutely. You know, like who cares? But this is the official Star Wars web page and I would expect them to really highlight what I would think would be the best fight scene in movie history. Not even just in, you know, Star Wars history or lightsaber fights, especially if you're going to put in, you know, the acolyte or, you know, Ray and Finn vers Kylo Ren or, you know, Darth Vader versb. Um, but let's let's get into it with a bit of a um cool mind and kind of assess the situation and kind of dive into the lore a little bit of the fight scenes where applicable. >> This is where the fun begins. >> So, okay, first off, we got Luke versus Darth Vader. Absolutely iconic. Episode 5 is, you know, probably the best Star Wars movie out there, I would say, among the masses for me. Episode three, and then I uh dillydally on episode 6 or five, kind of depending on my mood. But yeah, arguably this is a beautiful fight scene. I wouldn't say choreographed well at all. And for the reason for that is, of course, you know, Nick Gillard wasn't working on those as he was on the prequels. And also, it was a different time, right? Fight scenes were done differently. They were shot differently. The idea was to have much more of a slower sort of pace. And if you want to go in canon, you know, in the universe and not worry about how it was filmed, then we look at how Darth Vader never was actually trying to kill Luke ever. He was never trying to kill his son. And I see this argument a lot. It's like, well, Luke beat Darth Vader. Well, no, not really. Vader was never trying to kill his son. He was maybe trying to maim him, you know? He was maybe trying to like hurt him, but he was never trying to actually kill him. First of all, Anakin wouldn't let him. that little bit of Anakin that was alive wouldn't let him. And second of all, he was always trying to turn Luke. He was trying to beat him down until he could get Luke to stop fighting and then get in his head and convince him to join him in the dark side and defeat the Emperor. First of all, he was trying to freeze him in carbonite. Okay. And then that didn't work. So then, you know, tried the other option was taking his hand. And then in Return of the Jedi, his guard was always down. He was always toying with Luke and he was just talking through the whole fight, trying to turn him. So those fight scenes from a choreographed perspective, of course, not nearly what they were for Anakin versus Obi-Wan or Obi-Wan versus Grievous or, you know, Yoda versus Dooku, things like that. But from a story standpoint, extremely powerful, extremely well done, and still to this day hold tons of weight. So yeah, fantastic choice. Um, Anakin versus Bars in the Clone Wars. Awesome fight. This is when Anakin finally found out that she was betraying Ahsoka and he uh he fought her and it was a very fast-paced fight scene that that didn't just take place in one room, you know, it spanned kind of the whole Jedi temple, you know, inside outside and it was definitely a spectacle to watch. Now, also I'm curious as to why they didn't add in Cidius versus Savage and um Maul, which was, I would say, probably the most badass animated fight that we've seen, especially considering the little synopsis here, shows that Emperor Palpatine is definitely up there, but they failed to actually put in Yoda versus Palpatine. And I hold this to a bit of a nitpicking standpoint because it's it is star wars.com, you know, and it's like they need to really start respecting all of the stuff that George made and kind of look at, you know, let's not just and this is what kind of bugs me about this article is that I don't think they're doing this in good faith. I don't think they're doing this in like, oh yeah, these are the best. I think they're doing it in a sense of let's pick and choose lightsaber fights from different fandoms within Star Wars who like the original trilogy. Oh, let's throw one in there of an iconic fight. Let's throw one in from the prequels when arguably every single fight from the first six films that George made should be up there. But if we want to rank the best, the prequels undoubtedly have to be in there. You have to have Anakin vers Obi-Wan. The fact that it's it didn't make this list, but you know, the acolyte did just shows me that they're really just pushing to want to be inclusive with their ideas. And I don't mean that in any sort of political sense whatsoever. I'm sick at the idea that everything now is so politicized and anything that you say has to be spun in some political angle. >> Oh, no. I'm not brave enough for politics. No, they're just trying to adhere to every single type of person in the Star Wars fandom now that Disney has it and kind of say, "Hey, here's one from this show and that show and this show, but not really a I would say proper analysis of the best Star Wars fight scenes, which is arguably what this article is all about. Some of the best lightsaber duels across the galaxy." Well, some of the best. Then you need to be putting in arguably the best, such as Obi-Wan and Anakin, which you didn't. Obi-Wan and Grievous or anything with Palpatine or Yoda. You didn't. So, anyways, we go down the list here. We go uh yeah, Anakin and Baris, the twins, Star Wars Visions. I mean, yeah, no one's going to argue that any of these fights weren't interesting or entertaining in some aspect. When you throw a lightsaber in anyone's hands, even in a fan film, people are going to watch because lightsabers just have that magnetic pull. And they are arguably the coolest weapon in movie history, I would say. Shout out to Roger Christian for creating the very first one. And shout out to Nick Gillard for showing us what lightsaber fighting can actually look like at its peak, which to this day has not been replicated at all. The next is Ahsoka vers Balon Skull. This fight scene, in my opinion, was it was okay. There was nothing special about it. Um, a lot of people might ar might argue, oh well, you know, Balin is a big character. He's a big guy. Uh, rest in peace, Stephvenson. But it's you can do so much more. I mean, look at Grievous for example. Yes, besides his, you know, spinning arms, but he was moving fast. He was moving quick. Yes, he's a cyborg, but you can still move fast when you have the force. And so, I think that that was something that, you know, the choreographer for Ahsoka, for acolyte really was not up to par. And this is not to glaze Nick. He has all of his accolades. People glaze him enough on the internet. him being my friend has nothing to do with this. But when you have fight scenes that look the way they do from the prequel trilogy, you have to stay on that sort of cadence, speed, fluidity as you are going from that timeline, right? So we we we don't want to be regressing to let's say the uh original trilogy choreography. We want to be continuing along that path, especially these are students from the prequel trilogy, from that era. So, they're going to be fighting just like that, like all of those Jedi during that time as how they trained them. So, the choreography in this scene was not anything spectacular or anything like what I would have expected it to be. And that's just my opinion. This, of course, undoubtedly they would be if they didn't put in this fight scene. I mean, that would be a huge mistake. So, I'm glad that they did cuz this is arguably probably the best fight scene in all of the prequel trilogy. this the acolyte I just yeah the story was to terrible of course but the fight scenes also in my opinion were really not that great. I think the whole stranger versus all of the Jedi scene, it was entertaining, but it wasn't anything crazy or extremely amazing like what it could have been. And uh that that's not even coming from me having learned what I've learned from Nick's style of choreographing, shooting, and moving lightsabers, which is why the prequels looked as flashy as they did. A lot of people like the Acolyte, and a lot of people didn't like the Acolyte fight scenes. I wasn't a fan of them. I didn't really think that they were anything special. And when they're coming from Leslie Heedland's vision, I I mean, it says it all. >> Oh, not good. >> Kanan Jarus and Ezra Bridger versus Darth Vader. Yeah, sure. It was a fine fight scene, but nothing that jumps to my mind when I think of the top best lightsaber fights in Star Wars. Um, this fight scene was cool. I did enjoy this fight scene. I thought it was pretty sweet. But again, to um, you know, have this in place of any other fight scene from the prequel trilogy, I wonder why. Well, I don't wonder why. I know why they're doing it. Obi-Wan vers Darth Vader. This fight scene had some interesting force powers. Uh I thought overall it was a little bit cheesy. I thought the fight scene could have been so much more so much better and so much more representative of the characters at this point in time. I thought they played it extremely safe. And I personally think that the characters would have fought a little bit differently. I think Obi-Wan would have been way more cautious. I think Vader would have been much more full of rage, but at the same time cautious as well, you know, and it should have been sort of an in between going into A New Hope. First of all, I don't even think they should have fought. But if they did, then I think it should have been a little bit different than this, but still, you know, nothing terrible to say about this fight. I just don't think that it should be in place of any of the prequels. This, I think, is a bit ridiculous to put in there. I mean, Finn and and Ry were not they had no business even touching a lightsaber. Yeah, Finn was a a a stormtrooper, so he had maybe some basic combat training, but to go up against Kylo Ren, the grandson of Darth Vader, who has the Force, has the dark side, has the Skywalker blood in him. Um, and I just Yeah. And then Rey, like I just think that it's uh Yeah. No, why would you why would you put that in there? If if you're going to put any fight from the sequel trilogy in there, I feel like you should put in um you know what would be a better fight scene, which I think I I don't actually think there is a better fight scene in the sequels. Is there? No. Yeah. So, I guess they're just putting in stuff from different Star Wars shows and movies to just kind of show, hey, remember these, but they're not the best. They're just different parts. But then again, how would it look if they just put all six films and and their lightsaber battles or, you know, battles from only the original trilogy and prequel trilogy? It would look, I guess, a little bit funny, too. But that's the truth. It is the best. They could mix in the Clone Wars in there. I do think that the Maul, Savage, and Cyius fight scene was really well done. Um, I do think that the Maul and Ahsoka fight scene was also really well done, >> mostly. >> And then they want to throw in honorable mention Darth Vader verse. It's not exactly a lightsaber battle, but your opponent brings a blaster to the fight. But the admittedly unfair saber fight between Darth Vader and a number of brave rebels at the end of Rogue One still earns a place on our list. And that's the thing is that they call it our list. You know, star wars.com. It's not uh the writer who absolutely if it was just if it w if this was her, you know, subjectively her ranking. Yeah. Okay, cool. No big deal. To each their own. She could have put every single fight from the acolyte. I wouldn't say a thing, but this is, you know, this is star wars.com. From the original trilogy to animation, the Jedi and Sith wield their lightsabers in some of the most unforgettable battles in cinematic history. Well, if we're going into cinematic history, you need to have Anakin versus Obi-Wan. So, I'm just wondering, you know, like what is I that's my thoughts on this article. I think if they want to really land a little bit better, they need to face the music and be like, "Yeah, you know what? Anakin versus Obi-Wan." I mean, it literally should have been one of the ones here. They should have put Anakin versus Obi-Wan, that fight, that image of them, kind of like the Lion King duel where you got Scar and Simba like that. And they should have just had that with Anakin and Obi-Wan and that would have been, you know, number one or whatever on the list here. But to me, this just seems like they're trying to play to all different types of fans of Star Wars, which yes, very nice, but at the same time, let's be real about it here. At the end of the day, not that big of a deal, but I thought I would commentate on it because a lot of people are talking about it right now. Let me know what your favorite fight scene is from Star Wars. And uh there is no right or wrong answer. So, may the force be with you always. Now fulfill your destiny.