What what demographic are you looking to acquire now? >> That's a good question. I think that's probably a showrunner question for Alex Kurtzman and Noando are co-showrunners. I I was writing for people who love Trek and then I was doing my best to write for people who I wanted to love Trek. >> Fascinating. >> You know, truly, I would love to sit in a room and just write Star Trek for Star Trek fans only. It is a new world. It's the streaming world. We have to bring in new viewers. Ignoring that is like just not reality. So, as much as I would love to write the Ben Cisco love letter that only speaks to people who already know the canon, like I was tasked with also working really hard to handhold and bring in brand new people, some of whom are very young. Had to bring in people who didn't normally watch Star Trek or who thought Star Trek was too stuffy or who thought it was too sciency and too techy, while still honoring what all of us fans love about it. >> Here, what's this? >> It's the amount of latinum I'm willing to transfer into your private account to stop this show. nerdotic.com. >> Greetings, you over 1 million Trekies, Trekers, lovers of all things good and dislikers of all things bad. And the 40% who haven't subscribed yet, hate to start the video off this way, but we've got some bad news. Starfleet Academy gets reviewbombed. And no, tearing this series down won't get a Star Trek legacy any faster. Now, this article written by someone who probably only recently started calling themselves Janet wasn't getting a lot of attention. until it got a signal boost from technical artist Christopher Kushman, who states, "Negative review bombing of Academy likely to end the possibility of shows like Legacy, as well as put Trek into 10 to 15 years of hiatus." Then Christopher Kushman decided to put in an image from the article written by somebody who's recently started calling themselves Janet, which states, "One smart fan even asked an artificial intelligent bot." I know what you're thinking. Why would a smart person need to ask an AI bot a question about the future of Starfleet Academy? But we are talking about one of the fives and tens of Starfleet Academy fans here and it would be preposterous to think that this one smart fan who asked the AI bot a question is actually the person who just recently started calling themselves Janet. Anyway, they asked the bot if intentionally killing Starfleet Academy would somehow perversely encourage Paramount to finally decide to produce the series concept that the fans have been clabbering for in vain for the last 2 years since the finale of Star Trek Bicard known as Star Trek Legacy. The AI bot that was asked a very specific question by somebody who just recently started calling themselves Janet responded with, "Bottom line. If fans actually succeeded in tanking Starfleet Academy, the most likely outcomes would be Legacy becomes less likely. Trek TV enters a cooling off period. Executives grow wary of the audience. The franchise loses momentum and budget. So what you're saying is if fans keep reviewbombing Starfleet Academy, Paramount might cancel Curtsman Trek. It is reasonable, sir. >> So, you lovely members of the audience might be asking, "Where's the bad news?" The obvious answer is they're still making and releasing it. After this current episode, there's still three more of Starfleet Academy season 1, an entire new season of Strange New Worlds, followed by a second season of Starfleet Academy. I believe we can always do better, but how am I going to try harder to bring Curtsman Trek to a long overdue end? by continuing to do what I believe will do the most damage to Curtsman Trek. Simply describing what happens in each episode once more onto the breach. Previously on Star Feelings Academy. >> Federation propaganda. Feel good colonizing Brainwash poor kids into fighting the good fight for Big Brother. >> Uh Black Lives Matter. The NAACP. >> Federation propaganda. >> I've seen Ben pick a carcass clean  and all. I'm talking about a Cllingon carcass. >> Hey, it's time to go. Good too much. Slaming in. >> Oh my god. That is some cosmic poetry right there. >> Now the hills are alive with the sound of murder and I'm just I'm white spanked and ready to be a diplomat. This is, I would say, arguably the gayest Star Trek I think by a considerable margin. >> For the sake of your valuable time and sanity and my valuable time and know there isn't much sanity left after watching this, I am just going to describe to you the events in the order they occurred in this episode with little to no editorial. And this will be easy because basically nothing happens. 30 days after the tragic events on the derelik starship Suzuki, I'm sorry, Kawasaki, I'm sorry, Toyota, I'm sorry, Miyazaki, where Paul Giamotti and the furries hoodwinkedked the Federation and Holly Hunter leading to the deaths of Johnny Spoxville and a white straight male, which admittedly is a rare thing in this universe. Everyone is sad for about 3 minutes. Oh no. Anyway, last week, >> but after a tough six episodes of not being in school very much, swallowing commades, and assaulting Asians in a gay bar in San Francisco, the retards of Star Feelings Academy have earned a 4-day spring break. Before she leaves, Holly Hunter informs Genesis that she's going to be recommended for the command program, which will fasttrack her to captain because she's amazing. But she's worried this might not be because she's amazing. It might be nepotism because she's the daughter of an admiral. Sam the neurode divergent hologram who was permeable but somehow got phaser damages off to a hologram spa. Fish boy looks a little jealous that Jaden is going off with his boyfriend to Iba. And apparently Caleb is mad at Holly Hunter for not asking Paul Giamati about his mommy. Holly Hunter points out that she was busy trying to save the cadetses that she put in danger all while trying to pack a 21st century suitcase. Strangely enough, the exact same way my wife packs a suitcase in the 32nd century. Following that, Darren Fishb gets abducted through a singularity portal. Jayen, after witnessing the abduction, does what he does best and enters the portal where we find out it's a I'm sorry, Coahonian ritual for a pre-arranged wedding to a woman that was supposed to happen after Fishb graduates. up because the woman whose name is Cara's mom got sick but then got better. It has to happen now leaving Darham fish boy conflicted cuz he'll have to leave Starfleet and Jaden who Darham asks to be essentially his best man. And now Jaden is conflicted because while he obviously has a crush on Darham he's worried his other gay boyfriend is off to IA without him. But worst of all he has to give a best man speech. And from previous episodes we know that makes him nervous. >> Nobody cares. Meanwhile, on the USS Vagina, Caleb has decided to skip going out on spring break. He's also been ghosting Brett Cooper for 30 days while she recovers on Beta Zed after killing all the furries with her feminist empowerment scream. But it also turns out that Genesis skipped out on her trip. Then they play a game of toxic non-toxic. And sure, I thought it was going to be Caleb and Genesis picking out YouTubers criticizing the show, but it turns out it's just a game of sticking your hands in toxic stuff. >> But why? After that, they have to recapture a warp slug that they let out. And yes, I said warp slug. All while trying not to get caught by Tignitaro, who is arguing with her lesbian girlfriend Laura Thawk, who's half Gem Hadar and half Cllingon. And I don't even know how that works. No, not the half gem had half Cllingon thing. We've already talked about that. No, I'm talking about a homo sapien being in a sexual relationship with a half gem had half Cllingon. And I'll just file that one under. Don't ask questions you don't want to know the answer to. Then Darham discusses with Gayen, I'm sorry, Jayen, the pressure he is under because he feels a duty to his wife, a duty to his people, a duty to Starfleet. Then they start eyeing each other like they want to do the duty where the duty comes from. Shortly after that, Fish Boy makes Jayen change from his Starfleet skirt into a I'm sorry, Coahonian evening gown. >> No, no, no, no. You cannot do it. And >> I can't wait for the Mary Sue article. Cllingons have always been coded gay and a Cllingon in an evening gown is actually a good thing. Fish boy then breaks up the gay tension by insulting Jayen, saying he bailed on his family when in truth, Jayen was abandoned by his two fathers. That's racist. Meanwhile, back on the USS Vagina, Genesis risks getting Caleb and her court marshal by hacking their way on the bridge so Genesis can get the letters of recommendation that she manipulated off the command recommendation so she won't get court marshaled. They get caught by Tigaro, who rats them out to Holly Hunter, who gives them a slap on the wrist. And we find out Genesis manipulated those letters of recommendation because they mention that she fears she might not be as amazing as everyone thinks she is and her hero's journey will be complete when she discovers that she really is that amazing. And Caleb finally stops ghosting Brett Cooper by sending her an email. Back on coon's gay Dan finally gives his best man speech where he not so subtly mentions that Darren Fishb boy is only doing this out of duty to his family and Kaira who was the one who had Darren Fishb boy abducted 6 years early before they planned but somehow it becomes his fault by saying Darren Fishb was starting this wedding with a lie. So the wedding is called off. Now Kyra is free to be the first female ruler of cojones with her girlfriend with caterpillar eyebrows. And Darham is free to go back to Starfleet and get involved in a first for Star Trek, a gay love triangle between a fish boy, a Cllingon, and a human. >> Oh, that's not right. >> And so ends the most excruciatingly boring, incipid sackcharine episode of Curtsman Trek this season. And Starfleet Academy just keeps hitting bottom. And while next to nothing happened this episode, and it didn't even have a plot, I still have questions. the Coahonian moon where they had the wedding. Apparently, the ocean dried up because the core stopped spinning. Well, then how does it still have an atmosphere? Wouldn't a slug capable of warp speed be able to break glass, break through a wall, and breach a hole? I think they actually got it confused with teleporting. Speaking of that, something I haven't brought up with Starfleet Academy is apparently you can just transport from anywhere. What's the range of these transporters? And while they have mentioned that these signals can be blocked, you still wouldn't need to use things like shuttle crafts to warp into downtown San Francisco. And speaking of that, even if you jam these magic transporters, apparently there is a singularity portal device that could be used at will to abduct people from Starfleet Academy. Well, that's a security vulnerability. But now that I think of it, there was an episode just last week where a singularity portal would have come in handy. Alls Darham had to do was mention, "Oh, all those cadetses that are about to get eaten by furries, we can save them all because my people have a singularity portal device." I have more questions like, "Are this person's eyebrows about to become butterflies? Who thought it was a good idea to have a shot of a Cllingon in a skirt dropping a rock, but looks like he's dropping a turd?" On that note, what is Hollywood's obsession with feminizing black men? And how many more gay love triangles can you set up? Hell, we'll probably get another first for Star Trek. A gay love octagon. Shout out to Disbrew for that one. I mean, we're seven episodes in, which means Jesus wept, there's three to go. We have a bunch of characters who act like they've known each other for years, yet I challenge anyone to remember any of their names. If you try to apply any logic to this show, you might hurt yourself. And somebody thought it was a good idea to spend $10 million on an episode where a Cllingon goes from wearing a skirt to an evening gown. But I will give credit to Alex Curtsman. He's fooled a lot of stupid people into giving him a lot of money. Unfortunately, it was to destroy one of the greatest science fiction series of all time. So, this brings us back to the argument of review bombing Starfleet Academy could kill the franchise. Now, who are the sources cited on this article? I mean, aside from Janet, well, it's users on Reddit. Is Starfleet Academy perfect? Nope. Is it cheesy at times? Absolutely, noted one Reddit user. But if we keep complaining and tank its ratings, one star on IMDb talking about you. Sorry, I haven't gotten to mine yet, but I will right after this video. Just because it's not how we think Star Trek should be, the only outcome is that it gets cancelled and we get nothing else. Don't give me hope. But it gets better. Some users commenting on this post noted that this kind of review bombing only has served to discourage many people from turning to the review aggregates as reliable sources. I'm still waiting to hear the problem. In all seriousness, review bombing is real and it goes both ways. There's a bunch of people who don't watch The Thing and give it one star. There's also a bunch of people who don't watch the thing and give it five stars. There's also studios that hire thirdparty companies to create a bunch of false five-star reviews. I mean, isn't it amazing that review bombing skipped a movie like Wakanda forever, which it really shouldn't have because it was abysmal and somehow it missed the Marvels. Or did it? Because review bombing goes both ways. Currently, Starfleet Academy has a 44% audience score. And because we haven't checked in a while, it's sitting at a 4.2 two out of 10 on IMDb and a brutal 1.7 on Metacritic, which is far more accurate. You can take out the canon and lore destruction argument out of this completely and what you're left with is the worst written TV show in the last decade, and it's not even questionable. And with all the money they've spent on this series, it didn't chart on the Neielen ratings for the second week in a row, and it looks like it never will. So, in Christopher Crushman's followup to his own tweet, who just so happens to have me blocked on Twitter, he says this. If Tre fails, fans will have an equal share in that outcome. My past criticism has always been vocal about the destruction of toos storylines. Academy is 1,000 years in the future and poses little to no risk to that continuity. If you hate it, don't watch it. Aside from the fact that this is an artist who works for Star Trek, just trying to keep his job. So, you're okay with them going a thousand years in the future, destroying the Klingan Empire, destroying the Romulan Empire, destroying the Federation, because according to Paramount, right now, all roads from original Trek lead to Starfleet Academy. The only way to save Star Trek is to cancel it right now, not after the next season of Strange New Worlds or even after season 2 of Starfleet Academy. Do it in the middle of one of the episodes, make it very public and very embarrassing, and that would show that Paramount means business. put all of Curtsman Trek into the Kelvin timeline, let it sit for a decade minimum, and pray that Hollywood could somehow rediscover masculinity because every second of Curtsman Trek released seals the franchise's fate. What most people don't realize, and why would they? Because they're sane and they don't watch Curtsman Trek that aside from Bicard season 3, it's always been this bad. So, Hollywood, don't cry to me about AI when studios like Paramount, who are currently supposed to buy Warner Brothers and for this sole reason they shouldn't be allowed to buy it, have paid Alex Kurtsman and his team of hacks millions to destroy one of the greatest American sci-fi franchises for almost 10 years. Some will say Star Trek was killed. Some will say Star Trek committed suicide. I will say Star Trek committed androside. >> Nerdroic.com. >> If you like what you heard, please like, share, and subscribe. If you didn't like what you heard, I thank you for listening this long. and I will see you in the next video.