You may have heard about this situation last week where localizers were getting called out for changing the line merry Christmas in the Umus anime to happy holidays. And over the last 24 hours or so, a lot of people have been talking about another situation. This time in the Umus gotcha game where similarly the localizers are trying to erase any lines involving Merry Christmas. So we'll get right to the new stuff, but really quick if you missed the initial scene, here you go. >> MERRY CHRISTMAS. SO YEAH, you can clearly hear in the Japanese dub that they do use English there to say merry Christmas. And this is because Christmas is very popular in Japan. You know, it's like in other anime where you hear the Japanese characters occasionally use English for certain things. For example, owetsu and bleach when he talks about being the number one zonto crater. You know, he says that part in English. Similar concept here except directly related to Christmas of course. And as mentioned how culturally in Japan, they do enjoy celebrating Christmas. Nothing wrong with that, by the way. And there's also some people trying to defend what localizers are doing here and changing the IP being like, "Oh, it's not a big deal." And it's like, "Yeah, okay, dude. If it's not a big deal, why did you change it to begin with? You can't you can't be the cause of this and change it." And then when people criticize you for that, suddenly it's not a big deal. You know, it's extremely weak argument. Just completely falls apart instantly. The other argument that I've seen people defending this nonsense use is, well, the localization needs to make it more inclusive for the region it's localized to. It's going to be better. You know, they're essentially saying that they improved it, which is also ridiculous. Look, this IP is already highly successful the way it is. They don't need localizers to try to improve it, just translate the thing. And in this case, there was no translation needed. They quite literally said Merry Christmas. All they had to do was type in Merry Christmas in the subtitles, but apparently that's too much for these localizers. And really quick side note, on a recent video that I made talking about issues with English voice actors, I had a very nice comment from a viewer asking me to look into localization stuff as well. And it seemed like that viewer wasn't familiar with how familiar I am with that topic. So, for anyone who may not know, yes, I've been covering localization stuff for years. If I recall properly, I think the first videos I made on localization related issues was actually back in January of 2020. Anyways, we could keep going down that rabbit hole, but now with that context, let's return to the current news. And that brings us here to Umus once again, but this time the gotcha game where we have Professor T posting. When people were talking about Cinderella Gay having that localization thing where they don't translate it as Christmas, it was annoying. But the Christmas event in the Umamus game is even worse. Santa Claus himself wishes Oguri Merry Christmas and Christmas is said around five times just in the first scene, but it's translated as holiday. Oguri gets invited to a year-end holiday party. She remarks how it's the holiday season. Again, I can hear what Oguri is saying. Both of them are talking about Christmas specifically, but the subtitles can't reflect that. I'll post a recording of the scene later because it was upsetting me just reading it. And so, Professor T did follow that up by saying, "Umaamus localizers denying Oguri Cap and Santa Claus the Christmas spirit with this 47 second long clip that we'll watch right now. Merry Christmas. >> [music] >> Christmas party. So, as you can see, it looks like Professor T added some edits to that with uh the translations and the zooms and all that, the meme sound effects. But [gasps] I mean that that's that [laughter] excuse me, that clip is actually crazy. There's so many examples of Merry Christmas being being said there literally verbatim, but then they loalize it as happy holidays. There's no Christmas celebrations here, guys. Trust. Then like taking it even further, and this is why I'm laughing and having a hard time like not laughing as I speak right now. The the the the literal song in the background is all like Merry Christmas and then the localizers are like holidays. Like bro, come on. That is just ridiculous on so many levels. There does seem to be one issue with Professor T's translations as pointed out by Vain here. But this of course doesn't change anything related to localizers removing Merry Christmas. And the localizers removing Merry Christmas doesn't stop there either. As on the main sub for the Umamoose Gacha game, we would have this post titled the word Christmas is replaced with holiday. And we seem to have some voice lines here where as you might expect in Japanese, they are saying merry Christmas, but the English localization here decided to put the English text as holidays. In particular, look at the second area here where they say, "The holidays and Valentine's Day with New Year sandwiched in between. Winter in Japan is full of parties to enjoy." But here's what's actually said only 23 hours ago. And we can also see this post made on the Umamus game subreddit titled Christmas ogrey mistransated or game as a whole saying specifically, I know this is going to stir up the bees nest a little, but after noticing the blatant change of merry Christmas to t the season on Christmas ogre's animation as well as the whole discussion of JP to international translation at large, I'm wondering how much else we're actually missing in translated context. I remember back in the 80s and 90s where the Japanese were very cautious when it came to bringing in-depth games, particularly RPGs, to the West due to cultural differences. But that ship has long sailed in my opinion. I'm not a native speaker nor fluent basic level. So, I'm curious as to what else has been missed from those of you who can actually fully understand the audio. Is there already a chain on here regarding this? PS, I have reported the mistransation as a bug in case this was not intentional by CY Games. top responses such as, "I've noticed small bits and pieces that are strangely localized. I admit I got a kick out of the first episode of the event story where the subtitles say happy holidays while Oguri literally says Merry Christmas in English." The user saying, or the OP, excuse me, saying, "I mean, if it's obvious, why bother?" And another comment here saying, "I think rather than classifying this as a mistransation, I think it's just a localization choice. It sounds like the localization is trying to avoid saying Merry Christmas due to the multitude of winter holidays different groups in different places celebrate, but it comes at the cost of awkwardness as all the gameplay is so blatantly Christmas themed. And the OP saying, "I agree with your assessment. Awkward AF." And lastly, this comment saying, "It is a choice, although a disappointing one in my opinion." Everyone calls her Christmas ogrey. The intent of the design is very clearly to make her Christmas themed. Even in Japan, where most people aren't Christians, they have no issue calling it Christmas. While they celebrate the pageantry of the holiday, this localization also showed up on the final episode of the second season of Cinderella Gray, where the characters clearly say Christmas and a banner also says Christmas, but the localized translation says happy holidays or something. I don't know if this was a decision by CY Games or by whatever team translate the text/voice lines, but it's a pretty clear effort to make it as inoffensive or neutral translation, probably driven by either the localization team or an effort by CY Games to avoid the eyeire of people who don't like the idea of a religious holiday being overtly featured in the game they play, however ubiquitous it might be in real life. This is the exact sort of thing people take on bridge with regarding like performative activism. So, they changed the subtitles, but as these people point out, the characters still say, "Merry Christmas." It even says on this banner, "Merry Christmas." So, the people that would hypothetically be offended are still going to be offended anyways, even though the localizers try to change it for that reason, if that is the reason. Now, some people would speculate that the localizers themselves might be politically motivated, and we don't know for sure if that is or isn't the case in this specific context. However, given that we have years worth of evidence of localizers being politically motivated in the way that they go about their localizations, it is not unreasonable for people to presume that such things might be occurring here with Imamus as well. Unfortunately, for example, NISA localizers were literally on record talking about how they will change certain jokes from the original Japanese context in their localized versions in English because they personally find those jokes to be offensive. Now, their job isn't to change things based on their own personal beliefs or their political viewpoints, what offends them or may not offend them. No, they are simply supposed to adapt the original IP to fit as accurately as possible based on the original context to the region it is being localized to. Now, even that level of localization would be criticized by many as many people say even that's unnecessary. Just translate the dang thing. And if there's a line or a joke or something that we don't understand because the translation ends up being very clunky because it's like, you know, a joke that makes sense in Japanese but doesn't really trans translate well to English. Excuse me. It doesn't matter because we all understand that that's what's going on. Like, oh, it probably just didn't translate well. Whatever. It's fine. It's actually part of the appeal for a lot of people because we appreciate these cultural differences. And that exact approach is what worked for Japanese companies for decades. Like initially the proliferation of Japanese IP becoming popular here in the west was when they didn't try so hard to appeal to the so-called global audience or modern audience. On the inverse if you take a look at Square Enix who for over a decade now attempted to appeal to this broader modern audience and trying to appeal to Westerners. Well, what did that get them? It got them less sales and it ruined their own intellectual property. They lost a ton of goodwill. A lot of people who used to love some of Square's IP, and to be fair to them, they did make some of the most iconic Japanese IP out there, well, they've ruined that for a lot of people because they tried so hard to appeal to this modern global audience that it actually had the opposite effect and it made people no longer interested in the IP. Now, Square doubled down on this for years and years and years. But recently, over the last few months, it seems like they finally realized this was a giant mistake and they've begun to lay off around, I think, 100 or 200 different Western staff members. Anyway, circling this all back to CY Games, Numus, we don't know for sure if if um these localizers are working entirely on their own free will or if they're having some direction from CY Games to pursue this sort of just terrible localization style. So, look, either option is bad. Either they made the mistake because I think their localization team is in-house. So, they either made the mistake of hiring the wrong people and bringing them to their in-house team, or they're under the false misconception that ordering their localization team to localize stuff in this manner is a wise idea. It certainly isn't. Now, again, I don't know for sure what's going on there. I don't have inside info on this company. I'm not going to pretend like I do, but whatever the case may be, it's not good. And hopefully they realize that to be the case and they don't go further down this road and don't run into issues like this in the future either. But we'll have to see how that all plays out. Let me know what you think about this topic in the comments. Thank you for tuning in and I'll see you in the next