As Nero sama continues to top the charts on Twitch's most subscribed, we have more and more normie streamers finding out about Nero and voicing their displeasure to varying extents. In this clip, we have another top streamer from Twitch. This being Lacy. And to be fair, he was pretty respectful in this clip, but I do think the points he makes are kind of funny. Uh they're like not very good points, in other words. And it's funny what the points are. You'll see in a second. Let me roll the clip for you, then we'll talk about it. Like my honest opinion on it, like if I'm being honest, I feel like this takes away from what streaming is. No, like it's not a real there's no there's no human there's no human emotion. There's it's not a person. It's it's a it's AI. I feel like streaming should like streaming what it should be is humans interacting with their community. And this is just AI. I don't know how I feel about it. Like is this going to be is this what streaming is going to turn into? Am I gonna open Twitch one day and it's just gonna be all AI streamers? The AI doesn't even recognize like I'm CONFUSED BECAUSE THE AI doesn't even recognize what the chat like like when I see it when I see a LOL in my chat or a W in my chat. It gives me a feeling like you guys know I'm seeing that and feeding off that to continue streaming. This AI can't do that. It doesn't get a feeling when there's a W typed in the chat. All right, let me talk about what I agree with first. And hypothetically, let's take this to an extreme. Let's say in the future all streamers are AI and there are no human streamers left. Uh yeah, you know, that doesn't sound like a great thing, but Lacy's arguments, like I said, I think they were pretty weak. Like first thing he said, or one of the things he said was like streamers should be interacting with their communities. That's already something some people might find questionable depending on the extent, you know, like it could be fine, but too much of it could lead to some parasocial stuff. More to the point as well with Twitch chat, which he references his Twitch chat. I mean, what is going on there, bro? It's just people spamming emotes and emojis. I don't think that's really a great example like, oh no, how are streamers going to interact with the chat? Bro, your chat is just spamming emotes. Anyways, I mean, what what interaction is really going on there? I played the clip back just now, too. And yeah, like I'm going to repeat the point. like bro's like the the AI won't be able to recognize the chat. And I think he even realized it was a dumb point for a second because he like paused after that as he move as he as he moved his mouse cursor to the chat and saw that it was just like emote spam like nonsense, you know? So, that was pretty funny. Uh, and then the second counterpoint I'm going to make is look, man, a lot of these streamers, they act so fake anyways. They might as well be AI to be quite frank. Or you know what? The AI might even act more like authentic [laughter] than than a lot of the top streamers that we see out there nowadays. Again, this isn't to hate on Lacy, but I thought that stuff was pretty funny. Let me know what you think. Thank you for tuning in and I'll see you in the next