I saw this tweet from the one and only Omni here. He says, uh, in response to Minecraft, black people catching Shabuya incident levels of strays off this DLC. Minecraft said, "Want to change the world IRL? Start in Minecraft in the in the free Good Trouble DLC. Explore global civil rights movements, meet change makers, and learn how to stand up, speak out, and build a better world." And you can see the little trailer they got for this right here. Uh, and this is specifically on the education edition of Minecraft. And so, stepping away from the Good Trouble DLC for a second, let's get some specific information about that Minecraft Education Edition. As we have this video of uh, very fine people here explaining what the Minecraft Education Edition is all about. >> Engaged and they want to deliver something that is worthwhile and meaningful to them and they exceed the expectations of the teacher. That's where I get excited. I got goosebumps just saying it. >> That that students actually can see uh their learning and the learning process. >> Teachers who are just beginning the Minecraft experience in their classes, the first thing I think I would say to them is you don't have to be an expert. >> You just can't be intimidated when you feel like the kids know more than you. It's it's okay. >> Well, certainly not their intention, but this video ended up being great promotional material for homeschooling. It's also funny that Microsoft and Minecraft here and really so many corporations always talk about respecting diversity, but by diversity they really just mean like 90%'s black and that's it. As for the Mexicans, Asians, Middle Easterners, Southeast Asians, Europeans, Indians, etc. I mean, just say everyone else really. Well, they're always put on the back burner for some reason. And so going back to this tweet from the official Minecraft account where they talk about this free good trouble DLC for the Minecraft Education Edition that they specifically market to children or rather to educators to use for children. Well, the whole thing's backfiring on them tremendously. For example, top responses like get this political propaganda out of Minecraft. Had to double check that this was the real Minecraft account. And as much as I like this idea, people are going to mod this and make incredibly offensive videos that go straight to Instagram reels. And yeah, spoiler alert, that's been happening, just not on Instagram reels alone, but elsewhere, too. As the replies continue to cook the Minecraft account, they ultimately decided to lock the responses entirely. FaZe Connect VTuber Jelly Hoshimi would also make a couple tweets here criticizing this Minecraft Education Edition DLC. jelly collecting over 21,000 likes, but also offending a number of people in the responses. Let me know what you think about this Minecraft controversy. Thank you for tuning in. and I'll see you in the next