[Music] nerdroic.com. Greetings you over 1 million Heliens in the 40% who haven't subscribed yet. To all of my fellow fans out there of high or epic fantasy, whichever you prefer, I feel your frustration. Outside of one and three/arters of a season of House of the Dragon, it's been failure after failure, which is strange because our favorite genre or subg genre is tailor made for the prestige series and we have the technology to make it today. We should be in a golden age. Unfortunately, Hollywood lacked the brain power to adapt any of these stories properly, and we've been stuck with intersectional feminist versions of The Witcher, The Wheel of Time, and Lord of the Rings. And now we've gone from being excited to see our favorite stories adapted to absolutely dreading it. This brings us to the highorean age of Robert E. Howard, which preceded the published works of Tolken Secondary World, one that thankfully has been untouched since the abysmal 2011 Conan, but that changed a couple of days ago. I think we could start with the good news, which is I won't be talking about a horribly adapted Conan story starring Pedro Pascal, who's taught the riddle of steel from a tribe of lesbians who force him to apologize to all the monsters he tried to kill and overall being a toxic male. The bad news is we are going to be talking about a film taking place in the Hiboreian age, which has been sitting on the shelf for almost 2 years and got a one-day release in the theaters, and it shouldn't have been released at all. That film is Red Sonia, who's gone from the sheevil with a sword to a matriarchal eco warrior. And after watching it, the only question I have is why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Was it an obligatory release just to maintain the rights? Or was it just cutting your losses and hope you can get some money back? Sure. Was this the worst movie I've seen this year? Surprisingly, no. But it does put an exclamation point on the girl boss killed epic fantasy. And no, there was never going to be a good time to release this movie. And as many have pointed out, it has gone through production hell. I remember seeing at Comic-Con giant posters of Rose McGawan as Red Sonia directed by her boyfriend Robert Rodriguez, but then they broke up. Then Simon West, director of Conair and Laura Croft, was in talks with the possibility of getting Amber Heard to star, which might have been a good pick at the time, but nobody gives a about her anymore after she gave one to Johnny. Then Brian Singer was attached until there was a little bit too much controversy over some allegations that he has denied and then fled the country. You are a fast mover. Please have a seat right there. Then things went quiet for a little while until the success of Wonder Woman, which had a lot to do with Kevin Feige changing gears with the MCU and turning it into the MCU. Millennium Media, who owns the rights, thought they would get their piece of the pie by producing a woke gender fluid Red Sonia from Tasha Huo, who was a screenwriter for Witcher Blood Origin, and directed by Joey Soloway, the former showrunner of Transparent, and starring Hannah John Cayman from Ant-Man and the Wasp and Thunderbolts. Yes, the resemblance is uncanny. And to make things worse, they them were going to adapt some of the comic books. Now, normally you would say, "Hey, that's pretty good news, but it depends on which run." and they them chose Gail Simone's, one of the founding feminists of the SJW age of comic books, an era that has had devastating repercussions to this very day, and an era that led to all those bad superhero movies you've been watching lately. She invented the term frriging. And no, not because she's really attached to one. Frriging is a literary and narrative trope where a character, usually a female, is harmed, killed, or otherwise brutalized primarily to serve as a plot device for the protagonist. And it comes directly from the Green Lantern comic where Kyle Rener finds his murdered girlfriend in a refrigerator. You would think after hearing all that that this project would be dead on arrival. And you'd be right because something very strange and unusual happened. A moment of clarity and sanity in Hollywood. Joey Holloway, the director, and star Hannah John Cayman either were shown the door or left the project. Then Millennia Media did the unthinkable by casting a red Sonia that might actually look like Red Sonia in Matilda Lutz. Then they transitioned directors to MJ Basset, who's directed episodes of Ash vs Evil Dead, Reacher, Terminalist, all great shows, but he at the time also directed the underrated banger Solomon Kaine. So, it looks like the studio may have dodged a bullet. You might be correctly wondering why I haven't gotten into the actual movie yet. And the answer is quite frankly, the production chaos leading up to its release is far more interesting. Because it turns out getting rid of the obviously really bad ideas, but keeping some of the regular bad ideas wasn't a good idea. I've put this off long enough. Let's talk about the absolute cinema of Red Sonia. Sonia, the earth is bleeding and grown to find those who did this. I will do what damage I can. You know what, Red? You are quite the woman. It will be every tribe, every people who defy him. Many will say correctly that Red Sonia 2025 is just an episode of Zena minus all the plot characterization, levity, Bruce Campbell, and lesbian innuendo. Remember when lesbians were fun? Anyhow, while it has been reported in an effort to make this movie better, the gender fluids have been drained from the original script. Unfortunately, the original script remains as Tasha Huo is credited as the lone writer, which means a lot of the Gail Simone isms are still there. Instead of the iconic ginger clad in her chain mail bikini, she deevil with a sword on a quest for vengeance, we have a died gingerclad in her chain mail bikini on a quest to save the planet, be kind to CGI animals, and administer therapy to our enemies. The film opens up in the peaceful and abundant land of Hercania, where everyone lives in peace under the mother goddess, including little red Sonia and her matriarchal town [Music] until of course the nasty barbarians show up and sack the village. And whoever isn't lucky enough to either die or escape is enslaved. And as far as that other thing that barbarians and gladiators do, well, this is a very different Hiboreian age where apparently they all have HR departments and they've given that up. Hey, look at this guy. He looks pretty evil. I wonder if he'll be the big bad considering he just sacked Red Sonia's town. Nope. Now, this is a slight departure from Red Sonia's original origin in the comics. Quick side note, Robert E. Howard's Red Sonia with a Y is a gunslinging Polish Ukrainian warrior woman from the 1600s. The metal bikini clad version we all know and love is actually from the comics. She was brought into the highorean age by Barry Windsor Smith and Roy Thomas, the EIC that succeeded Stan Lee at Marvel. And their origin was a little different. A much older red Sonia in her late teens or early 20s lived on the steps of Hercian until her town was sacked by raiders. Her family brutally murdered and she was brutally assaulted. She cries for vengeance to the red goddess Scaha who imbuss her with fighting skills. But she cannot lay with a man unless he bests her in fair combat. Red Sonia 2025 leans into the Gail Simone of it all, whose only notable contributions to Red Sonia are removing the assault so she still has her agency. Gail, are you saying something like that removes somebody's agency? Not a good look. Anyway, her only other two notable contributions are giving Red Sonia body odor and making her bisexual, which to be fair is not in the movie, but she does have bad bo. Fast forward a few years and Sonia is living peacefully in the forest amongst the animals where she is leisurely on a quest to find her lost people, bathing with their clothes on and stalking poachers who killed the Hiboreian rhinos for their horns. Let's raise some money. In a not very well thoughtout plan, Red Sonia decides to attack the poachers in an encampment by herself. Then she goes full PETA activist, but in this case, I think it would be PTAC people for the ethical treatment of animals and creatures. Of course, she takes out the big burly dudes, but then loses in a girl fight to Bridget Neielsen. Following that ill-advised move, she's caught, enslaved, and sent off to be a gladiator. And this is where we're introduced to our big bad. No, it's not some barbarian king. It's Emperor Beta, who's Klouse from Umbrella Academy. Of course, epic fantasy requires a suspension of disbelief. But I could buy that Red Sonia can survive in this world because it's something they've established in the comic books, but they haven't quite done it in the film yet. But I draw the line at this little dude becoming emperor in the highorean age without being a sorcerer. Instead, he's a scientist who possesses half of a Hercian book with ancient scientific technology where he's able to produce arcane energy. Now, I love the concept of science versus magic in fantasy. Maybe they'll explain how this little skinny kid rose from a slave to an emperor, building machines and conquering the known world. But now he needs the second half of the book to complete his conquest. And listen, as fantasy fans, we can all understand the frustration of an unfinished book. Am I right? Meanwhile, at Gladiator School, Red Sonia is thrown in with a group of pretty nice gladiators. A mixed group of men and women, and they look like they have a pretty strong HR department, considering everyone's honoring each other's personal space, which I guess is fitting because outside of this guy, these gladiators look like your average school faculty. And yes, including her. Then we get to the moment we've all been waiting for. Our red Sonia is finally clad in her metal bikini. And props to Matilda. She obviously did her work and wears it well. But this wasn't done without comment. Did they ever make you wear this? I would have cut the balls from any man who tried to make me. Well, that's awkward. After a fellow female gladiator dies that we're supposed to care about, but we don't. Sonia is brought to the emperor for misbehaving because the script dictates that he needs to find out she is Hercanian and she needs to find out that he has the first half of the Hercanian book. And it's also supposed to hint at some connection. Gee, I wonder if it has anything to do with all the flashbacks we've seen of a young Red Sonia escaping her village and being separated from a little boy. Then Emperor Beta threatens Red Sonia that he will kill the entire gladatorial faculty with a mindcontrolled Cyclops unless she tells him where the last of those pesky Hercanians are. But I want you to tell us all where the last of those pesky hercanians are. But now at least we're going to finally see Red Sonia go up against a Cyclops where she immediately recognizes the collar that Emperor Beta is using to control it and removes it. Because who wants to see Red Sonia fight a Cyclops when she can free it and have it attack its oppressors? And due to obvious budget constraints, the Cyclops off, never to be seen again. This allows the Gladiatorial faculty to escape. But on the way out, Red Sonia destroys the arcane power source. Cuz remember, she's not just a warrior, she's an ecoarrior. They escape to the mountains and now Dragon, who's Emperor Beta, is desperate. So, he offers to finally marry schizophrenic Bridget Nielsen, who hears all the voices of the people she killed in her head. All she has to do is bring him the head of Red Sonia. Now, for some reason, Dan hasn't slept with her yet, even though she's wanted to. Don't you want to stay here, spend some time together? We're always together. Why have we never shared a bed? I think it's pretty obvious. After getting the only Hercanian that she knows killed, Sonia and the rest of the Gladiatorial staff plan to attack the town that supplies Emperor Beta with his creatures. And it's at this point Sonia just randomly runs into the lost Hercanian people she's been looking for her whole life. But wait, she also randomly runs into their king in a tree. I'd prefer if you didn't kill my friend. You are a king. I am. A battle ensues. They take heavy losses. The one guy who actually looks like a gladiator dies at the hands of a beast man. And Sonia takes a mortal wound from schizophrenic Bridget Neielsen. Sonia is saved by her horse and taken to the mother goddess. And this is where we finally get the red Sonia origin where she is imbued with her incredible fighting skill. Although she hasn't done really that bad throughout the movie. She's also imbued with a worse die job, some makeup, and oh yeah, the metal bikini is gone and it's replaced by a metal skirt. But now it's time for Red Sonia to get her revenge. No, not against the barbarian king who sacked her town as a child because he was killed by Emperor Beta. So now it's time for Red Sonia to confront her nemesis dragon. Red Sonia, the gladatorial faculty, and what's left of the Hercanium people attack dragon's forces, which is preceded by Red Sonia's epic battlecry. [Music] I would just surrender to make her stop. Anyway, Beast Man, of course, gets killed by Beastwoman. And before Sonia can even get to him, Emperor Dragon and schizophrenic Bridget Neielsen end up mortally wounding each other and then parting ways with the modern Hollywood head touch. Now, we know why they did it here for obvious reasons. But have you noticed that's a thing? A lot of people touching heads instead of kissing. It reeks of intimacy coordinator trying to justify their existence. And this brings us to the exciting conclusion of Red Sonia, the shevil with the sword, where she sits down and has a therapy session with her enemy. Turns out Dragon was that little boy Red Sonia got separated from while her village was getting sacked. No one saw that coming. And after the emperor got his hands on the second half of the lost Hercanium book, the book was useless, making the end of this movie useless. I guess the first half was filled with a bunch of ancient technology to help construct killing machines. And the second half was about the various uses of CBD oils. Turns out that Dragon had this book all along since he was a child. He learned how to read on it. He learned how to decipher and extract all the information from it and somehow construct it while he was in slavery, hiding it in various places, including his prison wallet. So, Red Sonia and Dragon hold hands and he dies. Everybody's happy and Sonia is off with her bad die job to wander the Hiboreian age. And at the end, we finally see the real Red Sonia who's drinking and covorting with a bunch of barbarians until she's called back into action. And when she leaves, she stabs an apple. Message. You might ask, why in the hell would she stab an apple? Well, Adam and Eve feminism. Now, again, this isn't the worst film I've seen this year. And given it had a $17 million budget, the CGI and the cinematography were fine. The directing was fine, and the soundtrack was actually pretty good. And if you recognize the composer, it's the same one from The Witcher and One Piece. And it wasn't really even the performances. Matilda Lutz gave it her all except for that battlecry. No, its biggest crime was sticking with Tasha Huo who huo who Huo who Tasha Huo's script was abysmal. And maybe it wasn't as bad as the previous script, but it's still filled with modernity. And sorry to state the obvious, but Red Sonia is not some sort of pea therapist ecoarrior. Knowing you had a $17 million budget, maybe you should have leaned into what Red Sonia actually is. Blood, guts, and boobs. I mean, this makes the 1985 Red Sonia film with Bridget Neielsen look like Robert E. Howard. And not just because it had Arnold as totally not Conan in it. And just because this isn't the worst example of the girl boss trope, Red Sonia 2025 does encapsulate the absolute state of epic fantasy on film and television. Hell, this can go to the comics and publishing as well. The deliberate emasculation of stories made for men. Something best summed up when the now fired Jennifer Sulky from Amazon decided to pass on a Conan series from Ryan Candell and Miguel Seapoknik over toxic masculinity because all masculinity is toxic masculinity to Hollywood. And sure, it's making a comeback with action movies, but not in epic fantasy. And if women have such a problem with toxic masculinity, then explain their obsession with true crime to me. So, hundreds of millions to billions were spent and hundreds of millions to billions were lost on things like The Witcher, Willow, The Wheel of Time, and the Rings of Power. And they all failed for the same reason. Feminized girl boss gobbledygook. And now that Hollywood's removed all the masculinity from the male brands, they're wondering where the men went. And Red Sonia and OG is another victim of this. If they had just gone ahead with the Robert Rodriguez Rose McGawan version, they would have been better off. Instead, they waited too long and put it into production and released it in the worst era possible, an era where most fans are much happier to hear something like Conan and Elrich not being made into a film or a TV show. And if you do not listen, then the hell would you? derotic.com. [Music] If you like what you heard, please like, share, and subscribe. If you didn't like what you heard, I thank you for listening this long. I will see you in the next video. [Music]