nerdotic.com. >> Greetings, you over 1 million filthy muggles and the 40% who haven't subscribed yet. Let's address the title of this video right off the bat. Some may say it's way too early to question whether or not the Harry Potter show from HBO Max is in trouble considering we haven't had as much as an official trailer or an official promotional image. And the only thing we have heard is a couple of off-the- cuff comments from a couple of actors. Admittedly, a concerning statement from one of the writers and some bold statements from a couple of executives. We also can't forget one very concerning casting choice. With all that being said, it's understandable that anyone asking a simple question like, "Is the Harry Potter show cooked?" comes off as a bit hyperbolic. Fair enough. But a big part of my job here, if that's what you want to call it, is pattern recognition. Tell me if you haven't heard this one before. beloved intellectual property/story is announced to be adapted into a film or a TV show. After said beloved IP/story is announced to be a film or a TV show, it generates general excitement or at the very least cautious optimism in the fandom. Then showrunners/writers/directors are announced and more often than not they have questionable experience within the genre and more often than not they don't have any experience at all. Arguably this is the point where we see the hoisting of the first red flags. Shortly after that, the showrunners/directors/writers with questionable experience in the genre or questionable experience overall claimed they've always loved beloved IP/story and have always been big fans. Almost immediately after that, showrunners directors producers and writers with questionable experience in the genre or questionable experience overall, make a variation of statements, including but not limited to, we're going to do things our own way, or beloved IP/story is dated, or we need it to reflect the world we live in today, or it needs to be updated for a modern audience. And more often than not, it's all of the above. At this point, there's more red flags than a CCP parade. And then there's the casting, which again proves that they're not going to respect the source material of Beloved IP/Story. They're going to subvert it. Fans of Beloved IP/Story voice their concerns over previously mentioned red flags. Fans are called a vocal minority of bigots who need to wait until they actually see it. Then product is released. Subverted beloved IP/story fails miserably. And it turns out that bigoted vocal minority of fans who weren't bigoted at all turned out to be the vast majority and completely justified with their concerns. Yet they are still to blame for the complete and utter failure of subverted formerly beloved IP/story. Rinse and repeat. And the most notable recent examples of this, in no particular order, Velma, Willow, Witcher, The Wheel of Time, Iron Hart, The Marvels, Acolyte, The Rings of Power, Obi-Wan, Halo, Starfleet Academy, Doctor Who, Disney Star Wars, Curtsman Trek, and there's a lot more to come like Narnia, and possibly with the HBO Max Harry Potter show. I would love to be completely wrong about my concerns and just once I'd love to see this pattern break because what's going on with the Harry Potter show is inexplicably stupid. It bears repeating that if this show was properly cast and adapted, it would no doubt be the biggest scripted show in the world. Harry Potter is Star Wars for the millennials. An entire generation literally grew up with Harry. And that had a lot to do with the books maturing as they went along, not only with the characters, but with the readers. It also doesn't hurt that the quality of the books improved as they went on and they came out in a reasonable amount of time. And yes, I'm looking at you, George. Another accomplishment is getting an early internet generation to read books. Books that have collectively sold 600 million copies worldwide. And for the ones that didn't read the books, they grew up with the movies, which have collectively grossed over 7.7 billion worldwide. And the reason those films were successful, despite the fact that some of them became cliffnotes adaptations by the end, was because they stayed in the spirit of the source material and were properly cast. So, what's there left to do with Harry Potter after surviving the perceived failure of the Fantastic Beast prequels, which in truth only the last one failed, and a play that generally every Harry Potter fan hates, but they still go to in droves. Packed Universal theme parks with Wizarding World that recently expanded in Orlando. the boycott of the Hogwarts game that led it to being the bestselling game of the year. All from an author who has perceived controversial opinions on one single subject that the vast majority of humanity just so happens to agree with. Yet, strangely, the epicenter of entertainment in the UK and Hollywood disproportionately see things the other way. So, to answer that question, what is there left to do with Harry Potter? Well, it's the affforementioned HBO Max streaming TV show, which was originally announced as an authentic Harry Potter TV series with new cast in the works. JK Rowling will serve as an executive producer on the series, which is build as a faithful adaptation of the books. Well, that sounds familiar. A little over a year after that, newlyannounced Harry Potter TV writer Andy Greenwald said he does not like the idea of a rigorous adaptation of the books and said he has not read the books. And that sounds familiar as well. So there were already small signs of beloved IP/story destruction until we got the biggest red flag or black flag of them all with the casting of Papa Esuo or Esiadu as Black Snape, which was announced just a little over a year ago. And yes, I am counting the days until we get the first promotional image. Will it look like this? Or maybe this? How about this? Or this? Your guess is as good as mine, but when that fateful day happens, and I'm guessing it's sooner than later, the internet will explode and the memes will be glorious. So despite the fact Papa Esiadu doesn't look anything like the character of Snape as he is described by JK Rowling in every possible and conceivable way, this blatant virtue miscasting creates a lot of other problems with the themes of Harry Potter, which partially and allegorically dealt with the themes of prejudice through pureb blood wizard and witch supremacy over half-blood witches and wizards and those filthy muggles. So instead of having a broad allegorical theme that is accessible to everyone, the casting of Black Snape makes this theme very specific, creating a lot more problems that were unnecessary for the show and essentially stamping it with the seal of modernity. Here are just some of the problems it creates. The Marauders, Lupin, Peter Pedigrew, and specifically Sirius Black and James Potter, Harry Potter's father, will be shown constantly picking on a little poor black kid named Snape. And how is it going to make Harry Potter's mother Lily Potter look when she is shown leading on the little poor black kid Snape, putting him in the friend zone, and then choosing the racist James Potter over him? On that note, how's it going to make most of the kids in Hogwarts, the Weasley children, including Ronald Weasley, look? And then there's Harry Potter who despises Snape. And now you're going to portray Black Snape as a kid who grew up in a poor household with an abusive father who possibly abandoned him. And what'll it do with Snape's complexity? They made him a lot nicer in the films and there is a good chance they're going to do it in the show. In the books, Snape was a very complex And the only reason, sorry, spoilers, he chose the good side was because Voldemort killed the white girl that put him in the friend zone that he was sing for. And those are just some of the unnecessary problems within the story. Then there's the ones around it. I've got nothing against Papa Essie Audio, and he might be a great actor, and I would argue that this casting decision would be unfair to him, but he did take the job. I hate to break it to you, Papa. You being cast as Snape was meant to be provocative. And if you want to go that route, by all means, do so. In original works, I think One Battle After another is one of the most overrated Oscar contenders since, while Amelia Perez, specifically for pandering to all the right politics in Hollywood, yet it's still an original work. If they cast Snape accurately, none of these problems would exist. So, you may ask, why did they do this? Aside from possibly being a critical shield for adapting the works of the perceived controversial JK Rowling and hell, for all I know, JK Rowling bent the knee to get some of the controversy off herself by signing off on this decision. Or maybe she said no, but was overridden. All I know is this doesn't help the actor. This doesn't help the project. This doesn't help bring the fandom together. It's just another case of choosing identity over authenticity. The bottom line, if you would have cast Snape accurately and maybe you tried your best to get Adam Driver, none of these problems would exist. Answer me this. Who would sell more merchandise? Adam Driver Snape or Black Snape? Now, instead of anticipation and excitement for a Harry Potter series, there's nothing but controversy. And although they most assuredly will be blamed, it's not the fault of the fans, the audience, the readers. No, the responsibility lays at the feet of the world's dumbest entertainment company, Warner Brothers. And I have yet to see something like this work. And it's more proof that Hollywood will never lear. And it would be bad enough if it ended there, but it doesn't. It is a shame because all the casting outside of Snape has been pretty good, including John Lithco, who I think will make a great Dumbledore, who has been taking criticism from the true small vocal minority in the epicenters of entertainment in the UK and Hollywood. So, he felt the need to kiss the alphabet ring. John Lithkco finds JK Rowling's anti-transmission stance ironic and inexplicable. speaks out on current war on empathy. In the article, after complimenting JK Rowling for her works, when asked about the controversy, he says, "I find it ironic and somewhat inexplicable that Rowling has expressed such views." Now, I'm not going to call John Lithco an adult pretender. He is a true actor and I loved him in Third Rock from the Sun. But I would argue that maybe if you had empathy towards JK Rowling and the vast majority of women on this planet, you may find her views on this specific subject to be sincere and completely understandable. But we're really not here to discuss this. It's what he says afterwards, which is the worst news of all. Speaking of JK Rowling, John Lithgo would continue and say, "I never met her and she's not involved in this production at all." This contradicts what Casey Boy, head of HBO, said just a couple of years ago. JK Rowling fairly involved in new Harry Potter series. I imagine she'll have opinions on casting, says HBO boss. He continues, she has been very involved in the process of selecting the writer and director, and I imagine she'll have opinions on casting. It hasn't affected the casting or hiring of writers and production staff, so we haven't felt the impact of that. Take that for what you will. It remains strangely a mystery. I do know she was heavily involved with the production of the films, including laying down the law that they can only feature British actors. I think this is another giant red flag whether it's fairly involved and will listen to JK's opinions but not necessarily take them or not involved at all. Now, why would you involve the formerly poor single mother who turned herself into a billionaire with her story and with her involvement in the adaptations of her story generated billions for Warner Brothers? She would just get in the way of what? Well, instead of faithfully adapting like they said they were going to do, what Warner Brothers is probably going to do in its place is do their own thing, update it for a modern audience because they don't want to give the fans what they want. They want to give them what they need. And when you say it out loud like that, it sounds completely  because it is more often than not. That's exactly what happens to beloved IP/stories. So, you can't blame anyone for questioning whether or not we're going down the same road as The Rings of Power, Wheel of Time, The Witcher, especially when we hear something like this. HBO Harry Potter series star claims show will explore more than the books. And I agree with Marvin here from That Park Place. And that's exactly what fans didn't ask for. You would think the only reason this show exists is it can adapt more from the books than the films did, which left a lot out, including but not limited to Peeves, Winky, Charlie Weasley, Ludo Bagman, Augusta Longbottom, Neville's grandma, Frank and Alice Longbottom, Neville's parents, Professor Bins, Marietta Edgecom, Cedric Digger's mom, the Muggle Prime Minister from Half-Blood Prince. Then there's the roles that were introduced but then completely forgotten. Percy Weasley and Nearly Headless Nick. And then there's the greatly reduced roles of Jinny Weasley, and yes, Sirius Black. There's also huge missing story elements like More with the Giants, the Centaurs, Spocy for Promotion of Elish Welfare, Neville Longbottom seeing his parents at St. Mongo's Hospital, most of Tom Riddle's backstory in the pensive, most of Dumbledore's backstory with the Deathly Hollows, and that's just scratching the surface. But when we hear that the HBO showrunners will be adding things that weren't in the books, this potentially presents a couple of more problems that you don't need. As time goes on with this series, the books get longer and you won't have enough time to even get all of them in. So, the question will be, what will you be leaving out? And more importantly, what will they be putting into the Harry Potter story that wasn't there before? And more often than not, that ends up being a delivery mechanism for the message. Now, if JK Rowling was right there supervising what they add in, I'd feel a little better about it. But as it stands right now, that doesn't seem to be the case. It just sounds like the same old overcooked recipe for disaster. There just so happens to be a show on HBO currently running that is a shining example of what you should do with a book adaptation, A Night of the Seven Kingdoms. The reason for its success, almost everything from the book that needed to be in the show is there. And it's not only there, it's beautifully adapted by Ira Parker in a show that was perfectly cast. They were just adapting a novella, so they had to add stuff, but it was in support of the main character, Dunk. It also helped that Dunk looked like Dunk. Egg looked like egg and Bor Targaryen wasn't a black lesbian. And yes, the author, George R. Martin, was heavily involved when he was off from writing The Winds of Winner. And yes, I will be doing a full review of this show on this channel because it's not only the best show running right now, it could potentially be the best show of the year. It's about as universally loved as a show can get. And while it isn't a perfect adaptation, it is indeed a faithful one. And it's great to see genuine fan enthusiasm who aren't arguing from any side about any casting decision. And it's everything the Harry Potter show. And I'll say it could have been because it's not my first rodeo, but we have not seen a single promotional image or a trailer. And although I think it will be really difficult with Black Snape, it could turn out okay. The first season will most surely have record numbers for HBO and it could potentially be the streaming event of the decade. Or it could be the Rings of Power, a huge financial commitment to a giant global disaster. Personally, I think it was already shaping up to be a pop culture battleground of the likes we haven't seen since The Last Jedi. There's going to be the people who don't like JK Rowling. There's going to be the people who don't like any changes from the books. There's going to be the people who don't like the casting of Black Snape. And they're not going to stop there. I wouldn't be surprised at all if they made Sirius Black cuz his last name is Black. I mean, he is in the audio book. And according to the cover, so is Hermione, which really changes the context. When Draco Malfoy calls her mud blood and going back to Sirius Black, that the black family is indeed black, that would mean the Strangers are black. And then you'd have to ask, why are so many black people Slytherin? That of course is all wild speculation, but I wouldn't be surprised if it actually happened. Just wanted to enjoy a TV show, and none of this needed to happen. So, I'm going to bring back an old saying, this is why we can't have nice things. Wouldn't it be nice to see this cycle break once and for all instead of seeing our beloved IP/story subverted into oblivion by a bunch of writers, directors, and producers who make bad decisions based on their obsession with identity. And when ultimately beloved IP and story is subverted and fails, they blame it on the fans. It would be nice, but since we're dreaming of the impossible, maybe someday Tinsel Town will learn that it wasn't the fans who made an issue of identity. Hollywood did. And in doing that, they lost theirs. nerdotic.com. >> If you like what you heard, please like, share, and subscribe. If you didn't like what you heard, I thank you for listening to this song. I will see you in the next video. Why suffer a horrific death when you can join me and live? >> Never.