I think I think this right this sums up everything about Predator Badlands. This is a a post on X. This is perfect. This is perfect. This sums up the film in a nutshell. Oh my gody cutesy wootsy oy bootsy. Oh my god. Predator Predator Badlands isn't a Predator movie at all. Number one. Uh, number two Disney in their infinite wisdom, and by infinite wisdom, I mean complete and utter retardation have turned the Predator into a girl brand. It's now a girl brand. It's It's no longer, you know, this this uh boy slash dude hyper masculine gory violent franchise anymore. It's about love and friendship and girls doing all the talking and and girls telling predators how they should live their lives and predators being like, "Yes, I'm going to listen and do exactly what you say because you're the smart one and I'm just a male." I didn't like this film mainly because it wasn't a Predator film. Now, if this film was just some basic alien uh that was that was having issues with his dad and his dad cast him out and said, "Don't you come back until you've proven yourself and then he goes on this wacky adventure." Then then maybe there could have been something with this film because there are a couple of themes which could have been explored but this is a PG13 Predator. And it's not a Predator film. It's a PG-13 Predator film. Now, I'm going to spoil the crap out of it. Not that I think you're even going to be missing out on much, but if you do not wish to know what happens in the film, then I advise that you depart from the stream. It starts off with this runt of the litter training with his brother on planet Predator. And his brother, who's bigger, stronger absolutely kicks his ass. Right after they've fought against each other their dad turns up who's again big strong predator and he tells his brother to kill him. He says that he's too weak. He's the runt of the litter. He's going to he's going to pull the clan down kill him. The older brother refuses to kill his younger brother and starts to fight his dad and his dad kills him easily. So bear this in mind. The brother who defeated the younger brother in combat was easily beaten by the dad. Okay? So the little predator is blasted off. He gets blasted off into space and he's going to go to the the planet of death. He's going to find fight, and kill the most fearsome creature ever. A creature that even puts fear into the heart of his father. Oh my god. So, he lands on the planet and he immediately has all his equipment stolen by um tree tentacles and he fights some tree tentacles and manages to get away and then he walks into a field full of exploding plants and he bumps into the half ripped up body of El Fanning. I call it Ellie Fanning. Apparently, it's L Fanning. And she cannot shut the [ __ ] up cuz the predator just talks in predator language. She just goes and she's just constantly speaking English. So she she's just so she just can't stop shutting the [ __ ] up. She just talks and talks and talks and is annoying as [ __ ] So, they come across a little creature. They come across um Baby Yoda, right? And Baby Yoda's a cutesy woopsy silly Billy Willy. And uh they they they try to kill him but it doesn't work. And then they kill some some space cows. And then they start eating together. They start eating all the meat together and and the the other little baby Yoda like is sort of hanging around. El Fanning has an evil doppelganger. And by evil doppelganger, I mean it's just the same character, but somehow she's evil. Why? Don't know. And she's tasked with finding her her sister I mean, they're robots, so it doesn't they're synths. And so all of the humans on this planet are not humans. They're all synths. So they can easily just be ripped up ripped apart. No blood. No blood. No humans. So it's just synths getting ripped apart. However when some of the synths are killed they just act like synths. They don't really have any registry. And then sometimes they scream and shout and do what? Anyway, I don't know why. So, um they the they finally come across and they find the big poopy creature and Predator Boy um easily defeats it. Cuts its head off pretty easily. The most fearsome creature on the planet that his dad's scared of. He pretty easily defeats it. Cuts its head off. However tentacles come out of the the neck and they put the head back on. Oh my god. The big poopy creature regenerates it. This is why it's so fearsome cuz it can't die. Then it's captured immediately by uh evil El Fanning who uses one of the Predators uh freeze grenades. So um Whan Utani are there to try and get samples of the all these dangerous things to bring back. And uh good l Fanning who's ripped in half and Predator are are captured, but then they usually get released and then they all fight each other and then uh the big Oh, the big by the way, the big poopy creature didn't kill the predator when it could have because it smelt the little creature. on him because the little creature the baby Yoda, is actually its child. So, the big bad evil creature who's female is the mother of the other one is actually good. She was just looking after her child. That's why. Oh my god. So like cute and stuff. I don't know. like maybe so the Predator and El Fanning um destroy all of the Whan Utani synths. Um evil El Fanning gets into a mech which is meant to make you think, "Oh remember the mech at the end of Aliens?" Well, this is a bigger mech. And if you think, well, this is Predator, not Aliens. Yes, but Whan and Utani are in this. This is, you know this they they're employees of Whail and Utani and uh and then the big bad the big creature comes in to save the day to save them from being defeated by evil Lanning and it eats evil Lanning and they go, "Haha, yay. Thank you very much indeed." And then, oh my god, it explodes because evil El Fanning in the creature's belly used another one of those ice grenades and exploded the big mama. Oh no. Oh my god. And and then they defeat evil El Fanning. So, uh, then they decide the the robot the the Predator decides to go back to his father and he throws down the head and the spine of the evil El Fanning because she was more fearsome than the big fearsome creature. And he said, "I have killed the most fearsome thing." So his dad says, "Well, we're going to kill you then." And then he defeats his dad who defeated his older brother who defeated him even though he displayed no growth in terms of combat. He just defeated him because he had the power of friendship. And then he said, "I don't want to be part of your after he killed his dad. I'm not going to be part of your clan. I've got my own clan. And his own clan is El Fanning who's now got legs and little baby Yoda, who's grown up like Groot. They're getting bigger really quickly. And And that's where it ended. And it And it was not a very good film. It is. It is. And I don't say this to be provocative. This is literally as this picture just proves. This is Predator for girls. This is Predator for girls. This is what it's been reduced down to. This This isn't made for boys. There was nothing masculine about this. There was no journey for the Predator because they didn't learn anything other than the power of friendship. There was no stakes. None of it felt as if there was there was any threat. It was very by the numbers, by the book very predictable. And uh well, you know just how many massive Predator fans there are in the female space. There are literally tens of them. This is what they got. They got a a Predator. Disney have turned Predator into a girl brand just like they turn everything into a girl brand. And uh not only did he look derpy and look [ __ ] but it's it's another one gone. Uh so if uh if if you if you're thinking of seeing it, I wouldn't recommend, but fill your boots. [Music]