Well, stick me in a dress and call me Shirley because this story seems to have more twists and turns than an Agatha Christie novel. Just when you thought it was all over, along comes a last minute play to completely change the game. It seemed like only yesterday I was reporting on the sale of Warner Brothers to Netflix after an intense bidden war with Paramount in a hundred billion dollar mega deal that seemed to signal a shift in the balance of power in Hollywoods. the beginning of the end for both the studio system and the theatrical release model as all the major players were slowly being gobbled up and absorbed into the streaming giants. But then Paramount took a look at the situation and decided, >> "Maybe so, sir, but not today." >> And promptly upped their bid to a frankly ludicrous $111 billion. At which point, Netflix decided, "Yeah, [ __ ] that, bro. We're out." And just like that, Paramount had pulled victory from the jaws of defeat, seeing off Netflix in an exercise of raw financial power. But what the hell does this even mean for the future of film making, theatrical releases, and the massive slate of IPs and divisions under the Warner Brothers umbrella? Because let's not mince words here. Paramount now control a pretty massive slice of the media landscape. Not just entertainment IPs, movies, and TV shows, but news networks as well. What are they going to do with all this power and influence? Well, to answer that question, you should probably consider the man at the top of this particular pyramid, David Ellison, the billionaire owner of Paramount Sky Dance and the son of Larry Ellison, the world's third richest man with a net worth of almost $250 billion. [ __ ] Ellison started in the industry by founding Sky Dance Media back in 2006 with nothing more than a little elbow grease, some can do attitude, and yes, a massive infusion of money from his dad's. What can I say, man? Having the world's third richest man as your father probably has a few perks. Anyway, fast forward a couple of decades, and David was keen to expand his business empire, and one quick and efficient way to do that was to buy out the struggling Paramount Pictures, which was the studio equivalent of a fixer upper. It had lots of valuable IPs and networks under its control, but years of bad decisions and corporate restructures meant that it no longer had the resources and confidence to exploit them. That's great and all, but you might think that the FCC would have a thing or two to say about such a huge merger of corporations, especially when it comes to news channels like CBS on the line. Not to worry, though, because as it turns out, David is good pals with the man in the White House. And I kind of like to imagine the conversation played out something like this. What do you want? >> Hey, Don, any chance you could lean on the FCC and get them to approve that Sky Dance merger for me? I sure would appreciate it, buddy. >> I don't know about that, Dave. People might have questions. >> Well, if you could make this happen, I'll fire everyone at CBS and replace them with people who only say nice things about you. >> Consider it done. >> Cheers, bro. And so, approval was granted and the deal went ahead. Paramount became Paramount Sky Dance. And David set his sights on his next target, Warner Brothers, another studio with a shitload of potential and a ton of IPs that it's mostly too stupid or too incompetent to properly exploit. And funnily enough, another news network in need of uh reconfiguring. >> Ohoy there, >> Don. It's me again. Listen, you know how you pulled some strings at the FCC for that Paramount merger? Well, I could use your help again. I'm buying Warner Brothers this time. >> I don't know if I can do this a second time. Dave, >> they have CNN. >> We've got a deal. >> The upshot of all this is that I wouldn't expect too many regulatory hurdles for this particular deal. And if you happen to be a big fan of CNN, >> you'll be seeing a lot of changes around here. >> But what does it mean for the entertainment side of things, which is what we're really interested in here? Well, based on Ellison's previous work as a producer for Sky Dance, it's not difficult to see where his creative sensibilities lie. He's very much an action guy with a heavy leaning towards maledriven properties with traditional heroes. And how can I put this? I don't think he's exactly a big fan of the message. In fact, considering Paramount Plus is rapidly turning into the Taylor Sheridan network, I think it's fair to say this guy sees middle America for what it is, a potentially huge market that's been badly neglected in recent years, mostly by people who absolutely hate them. Imagine for a moment if there was a network that catered to their interests. Now, as you can probably surmise, the prospect of a multi-billionaire with conservative leanings merging two of the biggest studios in Hollywood together under his personal control went down about as well as expected with the usual crowds. Oh dear. It's a bit scary when you don't have an absolute strangle hold on modern culture and have to compete with other creatives that don't share your particular worldview, isn't it? Pass me the world's smallest violin, will you? I mean, considering Ellison owns Paramount already, his first order of business should have been to nuke Curtsman Trek from orbit, decanonize every show they've ever charted out into the world, and have the entire Secret Hideout team forcibly escorted out of the building. [ __ ] it. You can just buy out their contracts if you have to. It's not like you're short on money. But whatever you do, just get those useless retards out of there. But what about Warner Brothers other IPs like Lord of the Rings, Game of Thrones, Harry Potter, and the entire DCU? Well, I'd be lying if I said I was disappointed they weren't going to fall under Netflix's control. I mean, Jesus, could you even begin to imagine what a Netflix adaptation of Lord of the Rings would look like. We may just have dodged the biggest bullet in entertainment history. Wouldn't get too comfortable in that Warner Brothers office if I were you James. That being said, I'm not going to pretend that this is an ideal outcome by any stretch. And I don't particularly love the idea of independent studios merging together into homogeneous mega corporations because let's be honest, it's bad for competition and bad for creativity. But on the other hand, if ever there was a definitive signal that the age of identity politics and the message has come to an end in Hollywood, I think this just might be it. The great experiment that's decimated pop culture for the past decade is well and truly over. Good [ __ ] riddance. The only question now is when can the age of rebuilding begin? Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.