Hello and welcome back to Clownfish TV. It is me, Geeky Sparkles, and it is just me for this video today. I'm going to be doing a couple videos with you by myself. I'm going to try my best to be understandable because I am still sick and it sounds worse than it is, but um we're going to talk about the big news. Of course, yesterday Netflix decided to not put another offer in. And so now Paramount has taken the offer for from them to buy Warner Brothers. And of course there's Fallout today. We have, you know, the attorney general of California is going to do what they can do to stop it. Movie theater lobbyists are war, you know, or lobby against it, which I'm going to have thoughts on that one for sure. CNN staffers are in fear, you know, and they're talking about all this different stuff. Oh, Zazzle had to have a, you know, town hall with people today and they're very upset. So, we're going to talk about all of these things in regards to what's happened. Uh, before we get into any further though, please like and subscribe. If you do, I'll give you a woohoo. Woohoo. And I'm also supposed to remind you if you go out to Kickstarter, you can back the Angry Geeky Sparkles pins cuz sometimes I get angry. You can back them there on Kickstarter. Um, there are some pins left. I think we're sold out of the Halloween, which I'm hoping later this year we're going to reissue some of the Halloween and Christmas pins, but we'll add some new ones. Um, if you want to give that a check, please do. I cannot promise I won't go ginger rage on this video a bit, especially about the movie theaters and we're going to talk about it. So, uh, let's start with some other stuff. First of all, we we know that you that Netflix is not going to put another offer in. So, Paramount's deal is the only one in play. Netflix stock of course went up significantly overnight. It's jumped up. Yeah. here. It went from $84 up to, you know, 9657 just since yesterday. The stock keeps going up and up and up because they're not going to get themselves into financial debt and they're not going to take on a whole bunch of other, you know, debt from uh Warner Brothers and that they couldn't afford. So, that's driving the stock prices up because they're like, "Oh, investors here. Hey, we're secure." So, um, meanwhile, David Zazlav decided he was going to do a town hall today and people weren't happy because, you know, as much as they didn't want Netflix to buy it, a lot of the people in Hollywood tend to lean a certain way and they really really did not want Paramount Sky Dance to have it because the Ellisons are friends with Trump and CNN, he wants it gone and CNN has been a problem. What's going to happen to CNN is what they all want to know. But he had a town hall and they said that people were shocked and disappointed. So they said at 8 a.m. today they had a town hall was shorter. It was only 20 minutes. But the mood was very different this time. Employees are still reeling from the shocking news that Netflix dropped out after Warner Brothers Discovery went for Paramount superior offer. The mood is really bad. One staffer said sharing widespread disappointment among rank and file for the outcome. We're the envy of all the industry with Zazlo's top line at the town hall. Yeah. Because, you know, you guys are, you know, selling off into Paramount and everything else. So, you're the envy in the fact that you're getting a lot of money. Uh, but Paramount takes everything. It's not like Netflix where you got to keep Discovery Global. Now, like it's going to be completely absorbed into Paramount. They said they started by walking staffers through the process of Paramount's courtship and how it went from 19. Okay. So, the history of how it went from 19 to 31. Um, they said it was whiplashy how it all happened. Um, the employee called the trio's performance in the the town hall tenuous and timid. You could tell there was a level of sheepishness trying to sell that bigger than and better cuz he knows you all don't want it, you know, and they know that you don't want to do this. They said that um his words felt tonedeaf when he told employees that buyers want Warner Brother discovery because of all of you and credit the two rounds of layoffs for improving the company's financial standing. I can't I kind of get that you're like hey guys this is a better deal and it's honestly even though it's it's the shareholders and it's a better deal for the shareholders it's actually a better deal for you because they going to pass more because they want you but we all know that Paramount has a lot of debt. They're going to take on more debt and there's going to be a lot of redundancies. Anytime you have two big groups merged together, we saw it when they got Sky Dance and stuff. We saw it when Disney got Fox. There are things that are going to be sold off because you can't have multiple news networks, for example. And there are going to be a lot of redundancies, which means people are going to get gone and especially since they they're going to be in debt to do this, a lot of people are probably going to get gone. So, it does sound a little tonedeaf if we're being fair, but they're talking about different people. He said, "Some claimed that he made a grading comment that we turned this company around." Yeah, you guys kind of ran it to the ground first. I was very fascinated by the way that these people were vying so much for this company because I think it's cuz the IP, but the company itself's kind of a a turd sandwich at this point if we're gonna be honest. They said um they found was one source said they were shaken. Found himself in a very different position versus a December town hall, you know, and stuff because they were going to spin it off. Yeah. Because they said they're going to Discovery Global and they were still going to have Discovery and now they're not going to have that. So they're all talking about um he didn't take any questions from the employees. It's so amazing how out of touch they are. They don't need your permission. That's just it. I'm not saying it's right. I'm not saying it's good. people just assume by me saying things that means I'm saying that's the right just thing. No, but in reality in the real world where most of us people live, they don't need your permission to do it. And this kind of sucky [ __ ] happens to people every day. All right? I'm not saying it's any less sucky, but it is. And they don't need your permission to you. They don't need your questions. They don't need anything from you. You You guys kind of know where you're at. I think um the silence says it all. It Yeah, it does. But you also are pissed because you're mad that it's not Netflix that are buying it. So it and you know what a lot of you guys were gonna get cut if it was Netflix too. Sarantis would said, "Oh no, that's not what's going to happen." It would totally happen because anytime you have a big merger like this, a lot of people get asked because you're not all necessary. A lot of you are will be redundancies would not be necessary. If you thought that you weren't going to get cut if it was Netflix, but now you are, then you were you're delusional before. The way I can see it is that people thought they were going to Discovery Global would still have a job probably, but otherwise it was always going to happen. So then we got the movie theaters are in here. Now the movie theaters, they're mad if it's Netflix cuz you know Netflix is is a streamer first and even though he promised he wouldn't do that, y'all knew it was probably lip service and in a year or two he's going to go back to what he wanted to do anyway. So you're mad if he buys it. Now you're mad if Paramount buys it and you're mad you want everything left the same. This is where I might get a little ranty. You want everything kept the same, but there's no flipping way you can keep it the same. And you can't tell companies that they have to just keep going down the toilet and not selling off to other places that's better for them to get, you know, move on because it's it's going to shrink the the the market for you. And that's what they're mad about. They're worried that by Paramount buying um Warner Brothers, they're worried it's going to shrink theatrical offerings. But that's going to happen no matter what. It doesn't matter who bought it. That was always going to happen because the industry itself is in shrink mode. It's it's contracting. It's contracting for so many reasons after the strikes and all that. It contracted even more. It's been contracting. It's going to continue to contract. And quite frankly, the constant like release of movies all the time, a lot of them are just flatout dog [ __ ] Let's be honest, for all your blockbusters, you got like five or six other releases that don't even, you know, break even. They're not worth putting in the theaters and wasting the time of people people aren't going to see them. It's shrinking. There's a theaters are down. I can tell you AMC, for example, they were down so much from last quarter that now they're doing a thing now where um which honestly I don't know why they didn't do it before, but their their stubs, you know, premiere and A-listers and things that are part of that like $27 a month membership program. They're going to get the all the good seats reserved for them. If you want to have the best seats, you need to be part of that monthly membership program to do so. And if you are someone who goes to the movies like three to four times a month, that's a great deal. If you're not, it's not worth it. And you have to pay full price for all your friends that go with you. So you have family, unless every family member has a, you know, their own club membership, you have to pay for dollar tickets anyway. So it's still expensive. But if you want the best seats, you're going to have to pay more because they're doing a Disney. You know, we got we got fewer people coming to the theater, so we're going to have to raise prices and we're going to have to charge the ones that are coming more, which to me sounds counterintuitive because people aren't going because it's too expensive. So, let's raise prices. But this kind of stupidity is why the market is contracting. And that's what they're mad about. They're going down here and they're saying um that's why no one at Cinnamon Cinema United, the leading trade or work for exhibitors was hardly jumping for joy on Thursday um when Netflix walked away from its mega deal. All right, they're talking about contractions. Exhibitors didn't necessarily trust Netflix CEO either because he's not no one trusted him. It was like, you know, fingers crossed type situation. Uh he refused to buy by theatrical windows. They found it hard to fathom that Warnders and Paramount would be able to release a combined 30 films a year. I I don't think it's a good idea anyway. Again, 30 films a year, okay? And maybe maybe uh several percentage points. We'll give them the benefit of doubt. Let's say seven of them are are blockbusters or big and that you're going to have maybe a few that break even and then the rest are going to probably not make any money or lose money because you're putting out too much crap. It doesn't all it's not all winners. They're not all winners. They haven't been for a while. The box office has been down. Um, Cinema United is sure to use a topic called consolidation as a calling card when they try to stop the nuptials because they're visiting Capitol Hill and they're going to go to the US Department of Justice and they're going on. He has Trump in his corner. But basically what they're doing is they're worried about contraction in the market. But that is going to happen anyway. it's already happening because of the strikes, because of a lot of these studios, you know, replacing things with AI. Um, you have less fewer movies being made and now they're a lot of them are putting, you know, quality over quantity because you're better to have a few movies that resonate with people that you maybe spend spend a little less on. They're going to make a [ __ ] ton of money than you are making 30 40 movies that are going to, you know, make you in the hole. It's it's not hard to figure out. And just because you want more theatrical releases because that's your bread and butter doesn't mean you're to get it. And it sucks and I'm sorry, but it's the truth. Here's an idea. Maybe try to finding more independent films. Like you had Iron Lung and it did really well. K-pop Demon Hunters was in theaters a couple times which AMC missed on that one and they they didn't have enough money last year. That was a dumb decision. But you have these re-releases coming out of movies that people want to see in the theaters. Those usually fill up and do well. you have all these independents and some of them are putting out really good stuff but they don't get the theatrical releases. Go start a branch of your of your theaters to go find these people and bring them in. Promote them. Make people want to come to the theater again. Maybe give maybe lower your ticket prices some. You know, do different things you can think of. But I don't want to see theaters go out either. But this this idea that because Paramount or Netflix bought Warner Brothers that and they Warner Brothers was never supposed to sell because it's going to cause fewer movies. It doesn't matter if the movies don't bring money. You're still you had all those movies before and you still were losing money. People aren't going to the theater because you're too expensive. They'll wait for streaming and that's not going away. Or there's nothing they want to see and you keep backing stupid things. You guys put all this money and effort into agenda driven [ __ ] that no one wanted to watch. Even the the tent polls, IP franchises that have had fan bases established for years. You had to go [ __ ] with the formula how many times, you know, everybody has everybody has to be a woman now, even if it was a male lead before and all these things. And sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't. But you guys did it to yourselves. All right, this is going to be a long video. I'm sorry, but you did it to yourselves. I I don't know what to tell you, but now um the California Attorney General is going to is going to do what he can to stop this too because it's not a done deal. It's got to it has to be through regulation, which yes, of course it does. Same with Netflix had to go through regulation. They were already doing it when they decided just, hey, you know, let's cut our losses and and just not put another offer in. Of course it goes through regulation both here and over in Europe. And while Netflix seemed to have the Europe deal in in play more so I think than Paramount did, that doesn't mean that they're not going to get it through eventually. But it sounds to me like people are deliberately going to start trying to put stumbling blocks in their path. To what end? Okay, let's just play this out. So you stop them from getting regulation and Warner Brothers has to stay Warner Brothers and then what? Warner Brothers is still in a position where it's not doing well enough so that they were trying to spin it off or sell it. What's going to happen next is they're just going to peacemail off assets. They'll go they'll do the Discovery Global and then they'll say what IP is worth what and we'll just start peacemailing that off to other people and then we'll just we'll take make Warner Brothers non-existent at that point. We'll just take everything of value and sell it off because what is your end? you force them to not sell to anyone and it doesn't matter if you're still losing money if a restaurant is doing poorly and cut and and it's losing money and it's not going to be sustainable as a restaurant, right? But everybody else is mad because they don't want, you know, another chain to come in and take it because they want it there. What's going to happen is no one else takes it. They're going to sell off their equipment to other people and then they're going to be gone either way and you're still going to lose out and those movies and those things anyway by getting it to somebody else or selling off the parts. There might be other the chance for more things down the road. They might all streaming for all you know. So I don't know what your end goal in this is. It's not going to stop this contraction that you're talking about. It's just not it's going to contract anyway. And even if even if you put all these movies out, let's just go down this path again. Let's say you just keep putting movies out to put movies out. If they don't start [ __ ] getting better and more affordable and and and start being things people want to see, it doesn't matter how many movies you put out. People can't afford it. you people can't afford to go to the theater like five or six times a month to go see all your movies. And a lot of them are like nothing burger little movies. They could have just gone to streaming. Just make the movies and sell the rights to streaming because they're not all going to go in theaters anyway. They're not all going to be winners. It just doesn't make any sense. It's like I can't even wrap my head around the thought process with this one. But then, you know, turning away from that part, something y'all going to want to hear about CNN. Oh my god, they're losing their [ __ ] at CNN. Of course, they're losing their [ __ ] at CNN. CNN might go kaput. Let's be honest here, because you're not allowed to have more than one news outlet. So, their choices are roll CNN into CBS or sell CNN. Those are the two choices they're going to have. You cannot have more than one. And a lot of times they'll sell it off or they'll shut it down, which is those are two choices. So, now they're mad because they fear that this deal will hurt their journalism and network's financial health. No. What they're afraid of is they know that they've talked a lot of [ __ ] for a while and it's going to come back to bite them in the ass is what they're afraid of. They're afraid that CNN is the mouthpiece. It's a joke. If Fox News is the far left or far right mouthpiece, then CNN is the far left mouthpiece. Everybody knows this. MSNBC and CNN. Everyone knows it. It's definitely biased that way. They're afraid they're going to lose their mouthpiece is what this is all about. and oh no, the Republicans and the Trump are going to come in and they're going to shut us down and and you know and Paramount saying we have to go back to center news. So we're we're not going to be allowed to just like you know put a lot of [ __ ] up and say it's news and and with our own personal you know slant on it and that's what they're afraid of. Elizabeth Warren, let me find the quote. Hold on. Elizabeth Warren was in one of the articles saying uh the deal was an antirust disaster. A handful of Trump aligned billionaires are trying to seize control of what you watch and charge you whatever PRICES THEY WANT. I'M LIKE Disney's been doing that. Disney and co have been charging keep raising their prices and they keep raising THEIR PRICES. HBO'S ALREADY BEEN RAISING THEIR PRICES. HOW MUCH [ __ ] money is HBO now? That's nothing new. [ __ ] is about raising the prices on everything because Disney and HBO, they've already been doing it. But this is about the fact of them saying uh billionaires trying to seize control of what you watch. Meaning they're trying to seize control of our mouthpiece. That's what this is about. And here's an idea. Why don't all the news places go back to just reporting news and trying to be, you know, center and let people decide for themselves what the truth is. And then we can call it a day and it won't matter, right? But no, you're too busy. We all know it's a leftleaning mouthpiece. So, of course, they're losing their [ __ ] They're afraid that their their CNN their baby is going to be gone. And they're like, "Oh, it's antitrust. It's antitrust." No, it's you're mad because it's somebody it's going to lean the way you don't want it to lean or it's going to be sold off most likely rolled in or sold off. Shut down probably. I mean, that's what it is. If it's if it's rolled in, it'll be shut down and some of the people get to go to CBS. Some won't Let's make it like a CN BS or something like that. I'm sure it'll be a BS, but they're saying fears running high among staff versus CNN. According to three people familiar with the network, they keep saying three. Uh they're saying that the people are upset because uh the earliest moments under new management shown us I'll be shaky custodian journalism operations at CBS news because they went back to center and you guys are all you guys have been out there looking for things to be like madam triggered by even if it wasn't anything be triggered by to be like look look they're ruining news. You guys have on record, okay? It's on record that under the Biden administration, social media, you know, came out and said they were told to censor [ __ ] about COVID and about the vaccinations and about the laptop and all this other crap. And now you're like, "Oh my god, guys, the news be censored." Let's be honest here. This isn't about censorship. This is about you want your flavor of [ __ ] That's what this is about. Censorship's great as long as you're the ones behind it, right? And when you can't control it, then it needs to be destroyed is what you guys are at. You know, the CNN employees are devastated by news of Paramount. Yeah, because they're shaking in their boots. No one is happy. I'm sure they're not. Um, what else do they say? They said, uh, they're talking about this story. What happened? We get on here. Do we have any other people's comments? Uh, then they're going CBS needing news. CBS has seen declines. So, now they're trying to say, well, CBS went down the [ __ ] so CNN's next. CNN was already the shitterter. CNN is so full of [ __ ] It's ridiculous. And honestly, if we're being completely frank, a lot of the news outlets are and they need to go back to center. They're all so partisan now. It's it's to a place now it's all it is is confirmation bias. You just go pick your flavor that's going to tell you what you want to hear. They have confirmation bias. Very few actually report on the news in a non-biased manner to try to let you say, "Hey, here's the facts as we know them. you decide what you want. Here's what they're saying. Here's what they're saying. Here's what we can prove. You listen to all sides and then you form your own opinion. But they don't do that because they're basing everything on bias and polarization and, you know, political leanings and it shouldn't be that way. News's job is to tell you the facts and let you decide. It's not to tell you how to think and how to vote. And that's what they're mad about. And CNN was one of the ones, you know, MSNBC and CNN like, oh, oh, you know, oh, Harris is winning and all of their [ __ ] It's just they're mad. Of course they are. They're worried they're going to lose their job. I'm sure they are. And even if they they do keep you, it's going to be another case of redundancies will be cut. God. Meanwhile, again, Netflix is stuck. Still doing better because they walked away and they're not going to have to deal with any of these headaches and they don't have to go through any more of the other thing. And who knows, maybe he just did this to drive him up and pay more money. I think Comcast made Disney pay more money. I don't know. But there it is. That's what's going on today. There's a whole lot going on with this. I expect a lot more to come out of it. Basically, the the, you know, attorney general of California is like, "We're going to stop this." New Theater's like, "We're going to go to Congress and stop this." We, but they were going to stop it for Netflix, too. So, that's not that didn't change. CNN is like losing their [ __ ] because, you know, they're going to be held accountable probably for the [ __ ] they've been doing or get gone and they're worried about consequences because they didn't think they were going to have any Zaz Labs out there. Oh, they're buying it all for you guys when you when they all know they're going to most of them are probably going to be redundancies get cut anyway. So, it's a big [ __ ] show. So, grab your popcorn. I honestly didn't care who won. I knew it was going to no matter what it was going to be a mess and here we are. What do you think? I'm sorry my voice sounds like this. I'm still sick. comment, let us know. And we'll talk to you later.