What's going on everyone? Jeremy here with some breaking news. I'm literally working on tearing down my old set. Going to fix my camera angle this weekend. I got a second set ready to go for the Jeremy Hamley channel and I got my own Sleeve Media set. Um, so it's been a busy busy week, but uh that doesn't mean I shouldn't stop and uh update my viewers on what's going on in Iran. I did initial coverage this morning. Obviously, there is a wide variety of sentiment around uh Iran and Donald Trump uh using a military conflict to uh what it looks like now all but confirmed to have taken out Iran's supreme leader. Um I have mixed feelings about this. So, we're going to talk about and I'm sure the comments will be extraordinarily balanced and fair uh in the in the comments. But uh while you're arguing, please do remember uh Coffee Brand Coffee is my comp my coffee company. It's not drop ship garbage. It's only available through coffee brand coffee. And it's all available on Amazon at CBC, Charlie Bravo, Charlie Amazon.com. All in whole bean, ground and kup. Pick something up today to support the channel. Uh you know, we have flavored, non-flavored, we have something for everybody. I would greatly appreciate it. this in now Iran supreme leader is dead. Uh this is a claim from Israeli officials as tan launches an aerial blitz on westerners. This uh initial claim started many many hours ago but I didn't want to report on it because well the fog of war is real and it seems like more and more people are confirming it including several other sources saying his body has been recovered. I'm going to start with some non-controversial things. I think uh you know Iran funded a lot of bad behavior um around the world. They funded most of uh the terries uh that existed in the middle east and here. Obviously I am concerned now about how many of their little sleeper cells came across the border during the bid administration and what we may or may not expect in the coming weeks as a retaliation on US soil. I pray I hope that that does not happen. Um, a lot of people are upset because they see this as yet another conflict for Israel on Israel's behalf. I can't argue against that. But what I can say is there are obviously other reasons to secure this. Iran's people used to be free. their women used to be able to walk in the streets and wear dresses and go to the beach and you know get an education and um you know they're cheering in the streets, you know, they're celebrating this. Um it's still seen by many as yet another foreign war from the president who promised no more wars. So I understand both sides. Um, to me, as long as it's just a tactical strike and it's not an ongoing thing, I don't really have that big of a problem with it. 25 cent per gallon oil for everybody. It's one El Presidente per month under the Trump 2026 regime. I say that in justice, so don't get upset. Israel, the Israeli leader did not explicitly confirm Kamemen's death, but claims come from Iran's foreign ministry said earlier this evening that the Supreme Leader and the country's president were both alive and well. They also said that they were going to do videos and they were going to do press conferences, which never happened. And um you know I'm assuming that uh here we have another confirmation uh as of 15 minutes ago news for us at this hour. Trey. >> Yes, Sandra. We just got this in literally 2 minutes ago, but Fox News can confirm that Iran's Supreme Leader, the Ayatollah Hamayi, is dead following Israeli strikes against his compound and location. Earlier today, a senior Israeli official confir >> Was it Israeli strikes or was it US strikes? Nah, what's the difference? Affirming this news earlier tonight, Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu describing the strikes not only against the Supreme Leader, but against much of the Iranian leadership. This was a multi- head of the snake type attack. There are a lot of people that uh were taken out. Um again, there were strikes in Tran have many signs that he's no longer alive. Some say a body was found. Iranian foreign minister says he's alive as far as I know, but there's been no official confirmation. There's been no videos. There's been no uh, you know, real proof of it. Look, there are a lot of bad regimes all over the world. I don't think the United States needs to go in and try to replace all of them. Uh, especially because they are usually replaced by somebody more brutal and worse. Um, but you see here, Iranians flood into the streets of western cities, waving flags and cheering the United States while celebrating the dawn of a free Iran. The Iranian people are done waiting. They want their country back. Well, we'll see how many of them go back there. You know, that that'll be that'll probably be, you know, British people watching Americans liberate Iran from radical Islam. There's also uh X was reporting earlier today that there was a massive bot wave coming out of Iran, probably pushing a lot of different propaganda that was blocked earlier this morning. Iran is pretty good in terms of cyber security or like hacking and and bots and all that stuff. And you know, it is weird. Um, here you see this. I can't believe it. I'm seeing every leftist on X is crying about Iran's evil dictator being removed from Earth. And every single one of the Iranian people is celebrating and dancing like there's no tomorrow. This is, you know, I guess it would be weird, you know, to be in a country and be like, "Oh, you're their leader just gone." You know, now there is a considerable amount of push back where they say, "I failed to see how this is helping the American people. I failed to see how another foreign quote unquote war will help the American people." Sure, a prolonged boots on the ground type of thing, whatever. I have a feeling that this, you know, that I agree with. I mean, that would definitely not help anybody. but firing a few of our many many many many many many bombs um basically over the weekend and moving on with our lives on Monday um is a different thing that's not a war that's um that is a military you know action or like mini conflict um you know again you see Nick saying the war has nothing to do with nuclear weapons terror or dead protesters. For decades, Israel has openly pursued an agenda to topple Iraq, Syria, and Iran. They orchestrated all of this uh all of these wars to eliminate the rivals and gain total hedgeimonyy over the Middle East. I think there's people obviously 40,000 people, nearly a million impressions. Uh that agree with that. Um, I don't really like any, you know, any foreign interactions because they they tend to spiral. Here's Matt Walsh. As always, I openly support military action anywhere. Um, I only support it anywhere in the context if it directly served the interest of American citizens. It's troubling that the arguments we're hearing for this war in Iran include from being Trump from himself uh seem to revolve around the primarily bringing freedom to the Iranian people. As Americans, the freedom of Iranians is not our responsibility. If a single American life is lost in service of that goal, it will be a travesty. I agree with that. What nobody has even come close to sufficiently explaining is how this war will first and foremost directly benefit American citizens. That is a case that needed to be made clearly and convincingly before this move and it wasn't. We're also told that this will benefit Israel and I'm sure it will, but Israel is not America. How does what does it do for America? How does it help us? That needs to be explained and it isn't quote panicking or demonstrating disloyalty to demand those very basic answers about the American tax money and potentially American lives and how it's being spent. We hear about the danger of a nuclear Iran, but that's odd because we were told that Iran's nuclear capabilities had already been set back for decades. We hear that this war will be over quickly and easily because Iran is powerless, which I hope and praise the case. And maybe it will be, but that's odd, too, because if Iran is such a paper tiger, then how were they a danger to us in the first place? It seems hard to argue that both. Well, I think the argument is that, you know, they fund these these Terry groups and they, you know, by proxy are a danger to Americans abroad in particular, but also here on American soil. Um, I do think, you know, I am very cautious, um, very skeptical of any time we have these strikes. Um I think that you know look we we we in the last month we've taken over what the second and first and second largest oil reserves in America or in the world I'm sorry. Um I guess 25 cent oil benefits America. Um but uh I'd rather not be taking over countries for their oil uh anymore. you know, I don't think it really worked out when we got involved with Iraq and Afghanistan, things like that. You got to get those poppy seeds. I understand it. Um, but yeah, there's a lot of people who are rightfully upset saying, well, you know, are we're doing this for Israel. But I would just ask, what do you define war as? You know, a tactical strike to take out a r, you know, a ruthless dictator, I don't think is war. War to me is like boots on the ground, you know, tanks on the ground, American lives, you know, on the ground. Um, there's a lot of people on both sides of the aisle who are upset by this and I totally understand that. I don't want to fence it on this issue. Uh, as far as like to be totally honest, just firing a couple missiles in there and taking out this guy, I have no problem at all with it. Any escalation though is now at you know any spin-off from this will now be the responsibility. So even if they walk out of this clean and it looks like so far we will you know anything that happens after this one of these guys puts on a vest does something crazy you know something like that happens well that will be part of this then. And um I don't want a doom pill. I just want to pray for um you know a swift end to this. And you see Iranian sleeper agents have infiltrated the US. Now the ex FBI boss warns of imminent attacks on American soil. These are the problems that you know clear and present that are that make me afraid. Um but I have confidence in our military. I have confidence in our leadership. Um, and I have confidence and w a willingness to be educated in the comments um, why I should either be more worried or less worried. What I'm mostly worried about is any kind of, you know, Terry groups doing something in the United States. And I was never worried about Iran's military capability, at least as it related to United States. Um, I think that the argument can be made about how they fund these various groups like Hezbollah and things like that and cutting off that funding I think is a W. Uh, how they do that, I don't know. There's so much that remains to be seen, but I will try to remain unbiased and report the facts as I see them. And as with any like geopolitical topic, I I try to keep my opinion out of it because I'm still new to covering a lot of this stuff. And so I lean on you all in the comments to really educate me. So, um, what do you think? You think this is going to escalate from here or do you think this will be a oneandone? You know, fire some tomahawks in there and be done. Um, I hope you're informed by this video and we'll talk to you again real soon.