And so, season 15 of Doctor Who came to an end a few days ago, not with a bang, but with the saddest and most pathetic of all whimpers. As Shooty Gatwa's 15th doctor went off to that big old police box in the sky, the BBC resorted to defrosting Billy Piper of all people in a lastminute desperate attempt to drum up something vaguely resembling interest in this desolate wasteland of a show. You know, kind of like what they did by bringing back David Tenant just to be humiliated and belittled by politically approved actors, only not as good or as interesting. And it capped off what was by far the most disastrously unpopular season in the show's entire 60-year history with some of the lowest rated and least viewed episodes ever made, led by a doctor so universally insufferable that the actor himself bailed out after just two seasons. Jesus, even Jodie Whitaker managed to stick around for three. Yeah, it was arguably three seasons longer than she actually deserved, but what the [ __ ] At least she made it to the end. I mean, I stopped actively participating in this show after the crime against humanity that was the Timeless Children. That episode was the breaking point for me. It destroyed any investment I ever had in this absolute calamity. And to be honest, that was probably a good thing. You'd be amazed how liberating it is when you just stop caring about something. Ever since then, I've been watching the self- emilation of Doctor Who from a discrete distance with a kind of sad detachment, like watching a stranger's house burn down. and you absolutely didn't have anything to do with starting the fire. Well, not that anyone can prove at least. But the thing that amazes me about all of this is that the BBC actually expected anything different. I mean, how completely [ __ ] out of touch do you have to be to think that you can spend years belittling, insulting, and lecturing the very people who watch your show and expect them to keep coming back for more? What's that you say? The villain this week is a straight white male who has to be put in his place by his ethnically and sexually diverse moral superiors. Well, color me shocked BBC. Where on earth do you come up with these incredible story ideas? I mean, why not throw in some anti- capitalist, anti-British, anti-f family messages for good measure? I'm sure that'll help to ease the crippling guilt and self-loathing that creeps into the darkest corners of your minds when you're lying in bed in the small hours of the nights. It's funny, you know, because even Disney at its worst doesn't openly despise its own audience quite as much as the BBC does. It actually feels like this entire show was conceived and executed out of pure spite. They knew the audience hated it, and instead of trying to improve it, they decided to just hate their audience right back. It's a bold strategy, Cotton. Let's see if it pays off for them. Nice one. That'll definitely show them. And now that it's all over, the question on the minds of the literally dozens of Doctor Who fans still out there is what happens next? Well, I can tell you one thing for free. Billy Piper ain't going to be leading this show. According to a longtime leaker known only as Andrew, an insider who made it his personal mission to spoil every aspect of this season. [ __ ] legend. Piper's inclusion was a lastminute decision on the part of Russell T. Davis with no real plan of how she'd be used or where they intended to go with her. stunt casting, if you will. And she only did it as a personal favor, not because she actually wanted to come back or anything. Disney aren't likely to pay for more of this stuff either, because you can only steal so much money from the British taxpayer to finance your dog [ __ ] propaganda. I love paying my license fee, by the way. I love being legally compelled to let the British government take money from my bank account every month to pay for programming made by people who actively despise my very existence. The past two seasons have actually been propped up by a co-inancing deal with Disney Plus. Unfortunately, unlike the weird crumbling relic of postwar socialist Britain that is the BBC, Disney are an actual business that have to make money from their investments, even if they're not particularly good at it these days. and a show that costs tens of millions of dollars with overnight ratings lower than most of my YouTube videos isn't likely to appeal to them. The reality is nobody's watching this show anymore and so nobody's willing to pay for more of it. It's just a burned out husk of what it once was. All of its creative energy and fan goodwill has been used up now and there's nothing left but apathy. And for guys like Russell and his champagne socialist chums at the BBC, well, I hope it was all worth it. I hope you guys slapped yourselves on the backs extra hard for this one, knowing that you've nuked a show with a 60-year legacy, knowing that you've stood upon the shoulders of giants and took a dump on them. The only logical choice now is to just let Doctor Who die, or at least put it to sleep for a good long while, preferably at least a decades. Let people start to miss it, if that's even possible at this point, and bring it back with a new generation of creatives at the helm. you know, people who actually care about making a fun family sci-fi show instead of a political cudgel to beat the unwashed masses over the head with. And I guess that's my real point here. You could put this show on ice until [ __ ] doomsday and it wouldn't make the slightest difference until the culture and mindset that inflicted this tidal wave of liquefied feces on the world is purged from the show. The obsession with identity and oppression, the constant pandering and lecturing, the hiring of people for what they are instead of what they can do, and the arrogant belief that it's everyone else who's the problem instead of the garbage that you're pumping out. Doctor Who has basically been dead for a long time now. And now that it seems to be actually over, maybe it's time to just let it rest in peace. Now, just before I benerate my way to the bottom of another whiskey bottle, I wanted to let you know about a little project I've been working on lately. You may have heard by now, but myself and a few other creators have partnered up with Ripverse Comics to put together our own anthology series, Saints and Sinners. With six different stories ranging from action to intrigue to existential horror and over a 100 pages long, it's a pretty neat compilation of diverse works from different authors. and it's rapidly closing in on 10,000 copies sold already. It comes with a bunch of variant covers that you can choose from and naturally mine is the coolest. So, if you're interested in taking a look, the link is in the description. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.