Living in the nightmarish hellscape that is modern entertainment for the past decade or so, you could almost forget that there was once a time when all this stuff was just beginning. When the idea of terrible reboots that desecrated the originals, shameless cash grab sequels and agendadriven storytelling was still a novel curiosity to be laughed at and ridiculed. Oh, how naive we were. Well, just like a global plague that goes on to ravage the entire human race, it all had to start somewhere. And these days, most people seem to agree that patient zero for all of this was Ghostbusters 2016 or Paul Feige's Ghostbusters or Ghostbusters Answer the Call or An Evening at the Improv featuring the Ghostbusters. Whatever. You all know what I'm talking about here. When it comes to infamous movies that never should have been made, they don't come much more derided and despised than this turd of a film. Born from a terrible idea by a studio desperate to milk its legacy franchises, written and directed by the worst possible man for the job. Starring a cast of SNL losers that were about as funny as terminal cancer, and somehow managing to insert itself into the middle of the most divisive and politically charged moment in American culture for decades. It turned out to be the prototype for everything wrong with modern Hollywood, and it pretty much set the tone for a new dark age of movie making. But the actual story of how it came into existence is almost as disastrous as the film itself. So grab yourself a pint of ectoplasm and join me as I tell you the tale of Ghostbusters 2016. Our story begins way back in 1989 with the release of Ghostbusters 2. Most of the cast weren't keen to do a sequel, but Colombia Pictures were adamant. They wanted another big hit like the 1984 original and eventually strongarmed Harold Ramos and Dan Akroyd into writing a new script. Ghostbusters 2 ended up performing well enough at the box office, but reviews were mixed. The magic was missing this time around, and worst of all, nobody had much fun making it, especially not Bill Murray, who felt like he'd been duped into doing a film he didn't want to make. The studio was still interested in doing a third movie, though, and spent most of the '9s and even the 2000s trying to get a script off the grounds. All kinds of ideas were pitched, but nothing seemed to be working. And the big sticking point, as always, was Murray, who was still bitter about his experiences with Ghostbusters 2 and a major falling out with Harold Ramos while they were making Groundhog Day, which drove a wedge between the two friends that would last almost 20 years. Jesus, talk about holding a grudge. The death of Ramos in 2014 basically ended any chance of a third Ghostbusters movie, for now at least. But the studio weren't ready to give up on the franchise just yet and decided to push forward with another film for a new generation. This one would be a reboot, telling a new origin story for a team of Ghostbusters and ignoring the continuity of the original films. And because it was being remade for modern audiences, the decision was made to cast an all female team this time around. >> You sure about that? You sure about that? >> Now, in retrospect, this has been officially recorded as possibly the worst decision in Hollywood history. But it's actually kind of funny to look back now on a time when an all female reboot of a classic male franchise was still this slick cool new idea that nobody had tried before. Ivan Wrightman was quietly pushed aside and up and cominging director Paul Fig was brought in to replace him. Fig had a solid pedigree of working in comedy, especially female ccentric movies, so he was a natural choice for a project like this. And he wasted no time bringing in his favorite actresses Melissa McCarthy and Kristen Wig for the two lead roles. SNL veterans Kate McKinnon and Leslie Jones rounded out the four Ghostbuster roles, and Chris Hemsworth was somehow convinced to appear in the movie, too, as Kevin, their dumb as [ __ ] secretary. I don't know what his paycheck looked like, but it must have been [ __ ] good, that's for sure. Instead of relying on a tightly written script, Fig's plan was to make heavy use of improv for most of the scenes with only a vague outline of what needed to be accomplished. So, having comedy actors who could riff off each other was a big priority for him. Again, this was another decision that would soon come back to haunt him big time. But for now, there were other problems to contend with. The announcement of the film being a remake, the all female cast and FIGA's director went down about as well as you might expect online. [Music] Fans of the original movies that had been waiting decades for a third film were pissed off at the studio for doing a reboot instead of a continuation. The decision to gender swap the main characters was seen as pandering and exploitative and playing into a culture war that was just starting to heat up. And pushing aside Ivan Wrightman in favor of Paul Fig was seen as disrespectful to the franchise's legacy. Damn, it felt like this movie had nothing going for it. Fee himself didn't exactly help the controversy by taking to Twitter and getting combative with fans every chance he got, which is always a surefire way to diffuse a tense situation. >> Not a great plan. The atmosphere around this movie was already charged with controversy before production even began, and it didn't get much better once the cameras started rolling in June 2015. According to insiders who eventually spoke up about their experiences on set, the problems began almost immediately. Most of the cast had signed on without even seeing the script because they were big fans of Ghostbusters and genuinely wanted to make a good movie, which is admirable, but it's not exactly surprising. I mean, nobody sets out to make a bad movie unless their name happens to be Ryan. But once they actually saw the script and realized the clown show they were committed to, the panic set in big time. The biggest roadblock, both physically and metaphorically, was Melissa McCarthy, who was a big fan of the real Ghostbusters cartoon and expected something along similar lines. When it became obvious this movie absolutely wasn't going to be what she expected, she began clashing with Fig, leading to frequent arguments on set. The decision to rely on improv to get through most of the scenes wasn't exactly paying dividends either. Yeah, letting actors improvise a scene can lead to absolute gold in the right situation, providing they're actually good at what they do and know how to spark off each other. That absolutely wasn't the case here, though. And even in the finished cut, where I assume they cherrypicked the best of the best, the actors still look awkward and uncomfortable like they don't really know what to do next. Ironically enough, it was Chris Hemsworth who ended up saving the day. His scenes are some of the only ones in the entire movie that actually raised a smile. And you can only imagine the kind of crisis this must have triggered for the main cast when they realized that Hemsworth, who wasn't even a comedian, was by far the funniest person on set. Kristen Wig, on the other hand, was beginning to realize this movie wasn't just bad, it had the potential to seriously [ __ ] up her career. And looking at her post Ghostbusters filmography, I think she might have been on to something. Apparently, she was wandering around the set in a kind of shell shocked days and spent most of her time in her trailer lamenting her decision to ever get involved in Ghostbusters one sympathizes. Old Paul wasn't coping too well with the pressure either. The climax of the movie called for a huge song and dance number. What the [ __ ] is it with this guy in musical numbers anyway with hundreds of extras doing a choreographed dance routine led by Chris Hemsworth? Unfortunately, it just wasn't coming together, and Fig ended up completely melting down about it, crying and yelling at people. Much like Wig, he was well aware of how much damage this film could do to his career if it flopped. He was very much in over his head, and it was all becoming too much for him. The studio were getting pretty nervous as well, and so they deployed the most tried and tested weapon in their arsenal to try and fix it, nostalgia. through a combination of bribes and threats of legal action. The original cast were cajjolled into a series of baffling cameos playing completely different characters that had no connection to the plot. The worst offender was Bill Murray. You can absolutely tell the guy doesn't want to be there and delivered the most phoned in performance of his career. Well, until then, at least. When production finally wrapped, it was time to edit what they had into something vaguely resembling a movie. Unfortunately, all that improv was coming back to haunt Fig again. Not only was it not particularly funny, but it led to scenes that meandered on forever, ballooning the runtime ridiculously high. The first cut that was screened for the Sony executives was over 4 hours long. I mean, just imagine that for a second. Imagine having to sit there and watch four [ __ ] hours of Paul Fig's Ghostbusters. Naturally, drastic cuts were ordered, slashing the runtime in half, but also cutting out a whole bunch of subplots and character moments and creating major holes in the story, such as it was. But if things were bad already, they were about to get a whole lot worse when the first trailer dropped like a thermonuclear bomb. The reaction from fans was incendury. People lambasted the lame jokes, the lack of chemistry in the cast, the oversaturated colors, the obnoxious soundtrack, and the baffling attempts to tie into the original movie that wasn't even part of this continuity. Worse, the movie was becoming the focal point in an online culture war that had been brewing for a couple of years now and was about to explode. Panicked re-shoots were quickly ordered to try to fix the plot holes caused by the slashed runtime and address some of the fan criticisms from the trailer. But Paul and the others couldn't resist clapping back at the haters either, which is why we ended up with scenes like this. >> And you shouldn't be reading this stuff. You're not supposed to listen to what crazy people write in the middle of the night online. >> Nice one, Paul. That'll show them. Ghostbusters finally released in July 2016 to a firestorm of controversy and backlash. And even though the Access Media did their best to prop it up with bought and paid for reviews, there was no hiding the fact that audiences absolutely hated it. The movie got weak audience scores and went on to gross 224 million against 144 million budget, nowhere near breaking even and killing any chance of a sequel or, god forbid, an extended universe. >> Oh my god. If I'm ever feeling down about my life, I console myself with the idea that somewhere out there in some horrifying alternate timeline, this movie made like a billion dollars and there's now like five or six of the [ __ ] things all directed by Paul Feige. But luckily for us, that never came to be. And as the studio pivoted back towards sequels that finally got the franchise moving again, Ghostbusters 2016 was quietly pushed aside and forgotten, consigned to the ash heap of cinema history. These days, its biggest claim to fame is being the film that kicked off the culture war in modern entertainment. The first high-profile example of a film caught up in identity politics, fan backlash, studio accusations, and social media warfare. And the ironic thing is, I don't think it was really trying to be any of those things. I think it was the product of a more innocent and naive time, a novel idea that nobody took the time to question properly that stumbled into an online minefield and triggered every single one along the way. Paul Feige probably had no idea what he was getting into when he signed on for this movie, and I can't help but wonder if he would have signed on knowing where it was all leading. Speaking of which, what became of old Paul? Well, his fears about lasting career damage were kind of proven right. Apart from Hemsworth, who mostly avoided the backlash, none of the cast have exactly gone on to bigger and better things. Paul himself is still making movies, but mostly in the low-budget romcom genre, which seems to be his comfort zone as a filmmaker. Ghostbusters was his big shot at main event status. His chance to become one of the leading creatives in Hollywood. And for better or worse, he kind of blew it. But I think his attitude towards Ghostbusters could neatly be summed up in this 2017 interview. It's not a perfect movie. None of my movies are perfect. I like what we were doing with it. It was only supposed to be there to entertain people. Well, mission not accomplished, my friend. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.