Every so often a movie comes along where all you can really say is wow. Not in a I can't believe they were able to make this kind of way. No, no, more like a I can't believe they chose to make this kind of way. Such is the case with Red Sonia, a movie that's gone through one of the most torturous production cycles that I can think of in recent years. Everyone from Robert Rodriguez to Rose McGowan, Brian Singer, and even Amber Herd were attached to this at one point. Actually, I think Amber might have done pretty well in the role. After all, she definitely knows how to throw a punch. Anyway, after years of failed attempts and a revolving door of writers, directors, and actors that makes DC look like a model of organized efficiency, the cast and crew were finally locked in, and Red Sonia was shot in Bulgaria in 2022. Then, nothing happened for the next three years, which is always a sure sign you've got a hit on your hands. Just ask Iron Harts. But as it turns out, you can't keep a good movie or otherwise down forever. And so here we find ourselves, citizens of 2025, finally able to experience the cinematic powerhouse that is Red Sonia. And what an experience it was. How can I sum up this film in a few words? Well, imagine taking a particularly goofy episode of Zena Warrior Princess from the 1990s, stretching it out into three times the length, stripping out most of the witty dialogue and fun characters, and treating the whole thing like it was some dead serious fantasy epic with deep and meaningful things to say about the human condition. That's pretty much what you get with Red Sonia, the kind of project where everyone's in on the joke except the film itself, which ironically makes it even funnier. I [ __ ] you not, I genuinely had to check that I was watching the right version of this film. Like, it wasn't some low-budget knockoff by The Asylum or a parody intended for adult audiences. But nope, this was real. This was a serious movie that people actually made, and it's superb. The script is lean and perfectly proportioned. The characters are fleshed out and well-rounded. The visuals are easy on the eye. And wait, what? Sorry, I lost my train of thought there. Anyway, let's discuss the plots. Sir, Red Sonia begins in the kind of peaceful, sexually egalitarian, racially diverse medieval village that only modern Hollywood casting agencies can summon up. Sonia herself is living a happy and idilic life with her mom. No idea where her dad is, of course, but let's not worry about that. But oh no, then a bunch of bad guys show up and start killing people, including this giant monkey man here, whose species and existence is never really explained. And then the screen fades to black and I've got no [ __ ] idea how any of that stuff got resolved. It doesn't matter though because we skip forward like 20 years and Sonia's now living happily as a hermit in the forest. And [ __ ] me, they must have some pretty good beauty salons out there because she looked like she just walked in from the streets of Beverly Hills. Anyway, whatever. Her peaceful life is interrupted when hunters show up and murder a bunch of innocent forest animals. So, she tracks them back to their camp for a bit of good old-fashioned payback. I mean, there's like a hundred of them, including fully armed soldiers. So, I'm not really sure what she expects to accomplish, but she's like, "Nah, it'll be fine." But, as it turns out, it is not fine. And pretty soon, she loses a fight to this albino chick who left her eyebrows at home and ends up getting thrown into the gladiator pits to fight for sport. And apart from one guy who's a legit cage fighter in real life, I love how the male and female gladiators all look and act like they've never thrown a punch in their entire lives and live harmoniously together in mixed accommodation without a single forceful game of hide the sausage. Yeah, sure. Okay. Ronitra is amongst them for some reason, looking like she couldn't give less of a [ __ ] if she tried. To be fair, I probably wouldn't either if I was in this movie. Oh well. I think this chick here is my favorite, though. If ever there was one image that sums this film up perfectly, it's this right here. Anyway, of course, Sonia turns out to be the best gladiator who ever lived, which is interesting considering she's never done any sword training or won a fight in her entire life. I mean, I can believe that she's good at hunting and stuff, but how does that translate into fighting other human beings with swords? Ah, who [ __ ] cares? So, evil emperor guy decides that she has to fight one of her friends to the death, but she's like, "Nah, it'll be fine." But it's not fine. And Rona meets her dies so that she could get released from her contract early. Then Sonia has to fight a big monster thing that's being mind controlled by the evil emperor guy. But that's okay because she removes the control collar. So, the monster attacks evil emperor guy and everyone then escapes. Wow, that was super easy. Barely an inconvenience, in fact. But evil emperor guy isn't done yet. So he sends the chick with no eyebrows and an army of soldiers in plastic armor to hunt them down. Then there's a big battle scene which stretched the movie's budget to its absolute limits and all the plastic soldiers get killed and Sonia dies for a while as well but then she gets better and no eyebrow chick turns against evil emperor guy and they double KO each other and evil emperor guy is like sorry for being evil and Sonia's like it's cool bro. Then he dies and everyone lives happily ever after and that's it. That's the plot for Red Sonia. [ __ ] me. Where do I even start with this one? Should I talk about the abominable CGI, the meandering and nonsensical plot, the costumes that look like they were stolen from a medieval themed restaurant, the horrendous dialogue that must have made the actors physically sick. >> I have a wooden sword. You best hope it's not a giant beaver. Then >> you in full [ __ ] man. the character motivations that make no sense or the performances that range from I'm far too good for this [ __ ] to I'm not good enough for any [ __ ] On the other hand, there's definite upsides to this movie that I think we really ought to talk about. No, drinker, get a hold of yourself, man. Ah, mother [ __ ] The villain's motivation had me genuinely confused for most of the movie. He's looking for the missing piece of some ancient book that already allowed him to build advanced technology and conquer the world. Which raises the rather obvious point, why risk everything for this book when you've already achieved all of your objectives already? What are you going to do? Conquer the world even harder? The only explanation the script provides is that he wants to finish his story? [ __ ] what? Was this like a script note that somehow made it into the actual dialogue or what? Ah, who cares? It doesn't help that he's played by an absolute [ __ ] who talks like a modern-day millennial and possesses all the authority and masculinity of Pedro Pascal in a rainbow colored onesie. Seriously, how the [ __ ] did this guy rise to become an emperor? Who would even follow him and why? On the plus side, lead actress Matilda Lux really swung for the fences as Sonia. I'll say that much. I don't imagine there's any Oscar wins in her future, but she definitely got in shape for the role, and the movie's not afraid to prove it. I mean, I can't shake the feeling that the producers might have lied to her about the kind of movie she was making, though. Red Sonia from the comics was very male gazeoriented, and this is a completely different story. Are you sure about that? Are you really sure about that? Don't get me wrong, I'm all in favor of hot women in skimpy outfits, but it does make it kind of difficult to take them seriously as fighters, especially when they're taking down men in full battle armor like it's nothing. Valyria from Conan the Barbarian was able to get away with this. Partly because the actress playing her was like 6 feet tall, partly because she worked her ass off to learn the sword fighting and actually looked like she knew what she was doing, but mostly because the movie kept her somewhat grounded and believable. Such is not the case here. And I could live with all of this if Red Sonia was just a bit of goofy fun that doesn't take itself too seriously. [ __ ] man. Even the Bridget Nielsen movie from the 80s kind of knew how ridiculous it was and was happy to play up to it. and it had Arnold Schwarzenegger on hand to give a bit of charisma. But this version actually thinks it's telling some powerful serious story with believable characters that you're supposed to respect and get invested in. And gosh darn it, it's just so cute. Ultimately, Red Sonia feels like some weird time capsule dug up from 2018 when the whole girl boss who just needs to realize her inner potential trope was in full swing and you could probably get away with nonsense like this. These days though, audiences are pretty wise to that kind of [ __ ] And when you think about it, Red Sonia was destined to be skewered from all sides. Normal people would see it for the shallow, preachy, and pretentious nonsense that it was, while fans of the message would be infuriated by the shameless exploitation and the fact that Sonia wasn't turned into a morbidly obese black lesbian. You truly can't please everyone, but Red Sonia was one of those unlucky movies that managed to please absolutely no one. And considering that it was left in the can for 3 years, it probably should have stayed buried. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.