been a little while since we talked about Hassan and it's just been a very unfortunate series of events for this guy over the last 24 hours or so. He's both been getting into a losing argument with Asmin Gold and also losing arguments with literally random accounts on twitter.com. And so it all begins here. Here's the context. This other account, Weekend Warrior, says, "Retweet to scare Hassan." Hassan gets offended by this. You know, we see the numbers of Asmin Gold having 85k viewers and Hassan 55k viewers. This of course being like concurrent viewers on Twitch. As mentioned, Hassan really doesn't like this. He starts accusing Asmin Gold of viewbotting to which Asmin Gold responds with a simple sentence saying verifiable false information as always and posting data to go along with that. To which Hassan keeps on rage posting and what many people would essentially just say is also co-posting. Asmin Gold's final response is just a picture of a seal. And it's pretty funny that all Asmin said was like, "Well, all he did was post a seal, post data, and say verifiable false information as always." And as son's out here just making rage posts with no evidence to back up his claims at all. Running it back to the top though, here's where things get especially hilarious because, as mentioned a moment ago, this random account, Black Cat, chimes in and just destroys Cassan. You can see they say main issue with the viewbot accusations is that his Twitch could get deleted tomorrow and his YouTube presence alone would still dwarf your entire reach. Just an objective fact and a lesson in why you shouldn't center your worth and view counts in your own paradigm. He is winning. To which Hassan gets offended at Blackhat circles in their bio where they say lib princess and he says nice liberalism by the way. Hassan getting 829 likes on that tweet. And then Black Hat says, "Liberalism is when I lie and say you have more reach than Asmin Gold. Try supporting the non-fascist a little harder next election cycle and I'll consider doing propaganda for you." Black Hat getting 3,200 likes. That account doesn't even seem to like Asmin Gold as they made some like Redditer insult out of his name. And they're also implying that they're a comma voter and they directly call themselves a liberal. But online political commentary is so brained that despite all that, the biggest leftist streamer, Hassan, is still trying to deny that person, Black Cat, their liberalism just because they didn't side with him against Asmin Gold. Hassan has now been on what, like weeks of him just raging about Asmin Gold every day essentially. And it's like this man's literally derailing his life just to cry about Asmin Gold. [laughter] But that's all there is for this one. Let me know what you guys think in the comments. Have a lovely weekend and I'll see you in the next