Um, is it Bratislav fluff? Yeah, he was he was saying something about Lenin, I think. Perfect. Hello. So, guys, why you like Lenin? So, actually, good morning and for you, good night or good evening, I think. Thank you. But, uh, what's, uh, why you like Lenin? What's, uh, why, uh, what you think it's good about, uh, Granddaddy Lady? I mean, there's a lot of good stuff, but to put it in the the simplest terms, he um understood Russia's conditions better than anybody and and proposed this uh alliance between the workers and peasants with which a lot of uh mechanistic Marxists were rejecting. Um because they had this dogmatic view that a country needed to first pass through capitalism before it could become socialist. But Lenin said the conditions in Russia here are different. Like 80 90% of the country is the peasantry. their interest is um extremely similar to the workers. Um why not organize them too and it was successful and then once you know the Soviet Union was established uh Russia's living conditions um got much much better and they defeated the the Austrian painter with the mustache. Yes. Yes. Yes. But this was not done because of uh these people. First of all, the big atrocities, especially against the Orthodox Christians, against the farmers, against the Kak I'm Kak. They analy so many people. There were more than 70,000 churches when Lenin when these goons came along. It were only 200 left in Russia. I'm not talking about Georgia. I'm not talking about Ukraine. I'm not talking about all these places. So if you say economic is good, how much blood will it cost? Innocent people, how much is good? I mean the the revolution was happening regardless. It it was uh an uprising that happened regardless. What the communists did, what the Boleviks did was was met the uprising of the people and gave them, you know, a systematic theory and and gave them um and the economic plan that was able to um increase literacy in Russia from like I can't remember what it was like 30% to 100%, you know, provide nearly full employment, universal daycare, you know, all these amazing things that from a a backwards um feudal country. And and if the if the October revolution never happened, if they would have stopped at the February February revolution, you know, none of these these economic gains would have been made. Um and there still would have been the the violence and and the fighting though. And um and I don't think it's accurate to say that they cracked down on the churches that hard. Um I I think um they were were um fairly did a lot to actually protect um the Russian Orthodox Church and there were you know you got to keep in mind especially during the civil war there were many different forces at play um at this time um I'm talking later after civil war when they become boss with NKVD yeah what what did they go around destroying orthodox churches. I don't believe that was the case. I think right Orthodox we we burn rebuilt churches because of this. Which which churches were burned? Now everything there was over 200 links. So I think this is right-wing orthodox Russian propaganda in order to demonize the communists who brought the country out of a first of all first of all Soviet Red Army. So if you think that uh you can make me some kind of schnazi, I don't know why you do that. Second of all, it happened there. The most churches got burnt or make uh uh uh cinema or this kind of things. This is history. You come to Russia, we show you. I mean, I'm not that there wasn't I'm not denying that there wasn't any suppression. Um, but it's uh I mean used to be more Marxism did used to be more hostile to religion than like we are with the ACP now today. And uh you know like like China the the weaguer autonomous zone in western China has more mosques than almost anywhere else. And you know, Russia of course has um made these uh protections where you can't even like um [ __ ] on other people's religions um or you get punished communist to the to the right right but to the extent that communism in the past actually did crack down on religion which has been greatly greatly exaggerated um in in bourgeois propaganda. I think that's a a mistake that's been corrected um which is you know Marxism is not a dogma. It's a it's a living science to to the extent that there was um suppression and the burning of churches which like I said I think is greatly exaggerated. Um it it is not a part of the modern communist movement. In fact a lot of the modern socialist countries like uh Nicaragua in particular have this very Christian bank. Venezuela calls themselves a a Christian talking about not modern. I'm talking about bi. You like the bafix right? So you're talking you said after the civil war but you asked why we like Lenin. Lenin would have been would have been dead by um whatever you were talking about with Trosky. Then later came Stalin in the start. He hate Christianity. He go crack. But then when World War II come, he need to support. He need the fighters. And a lot of them they are not openly Christian but they are in the side you know with the cross on their neck. And he say okay we need them. Okay we we is going to calm down about it. And later he was a little bit less. But you know that actually also in the Soviet Union that if a priest going to have a talk, he have to give. How many of those churches do you think were burned down by the Yatsis? A lot, right? So does it make sense to lay them all at the feet of Lenin and the Bolevix? So if you let me talk. So even in the Soviet times, you have the priest have to give the card to the KGB officer what he's going to say and when they talk. You know, there's always a KGB officer there in the church. Oh my. This is just this is I lived here. Red. No, you you did not live in postrevolutionary uh Russia 20s and 30s. You're telling me that there was a KGB officer for every priest. This is just McCarthyism, brother. You've got Russian McCarthyism and a lot of Do you live in Russia? When you've been to Russia? Tell me. I live in Russia. I'm in Moscow with Putin right now. Yes. And Putin is standoff just told me what you're saying is cap. Listen, we grow up there. The only the only religion the only priests and religious leaders who were cracked down on by the KGB were the Yazi collaborators. No, no, you're talking back about the 60s '7s 80s. Oh okay. Then why were you talking about the [ __ ] Now bolsheiks make big atrocity but then you say yeah but this okay blah blah but were the atrocities in Stalin or in the 60s and 70s your timeline doesn't make any sense was basically when the Soviet Union was super apathetic and cynical about everything. So I don't think you could really apply that argument to the early boleviks. No but you you are guys are like oh no but look how good communism is. It is so free. It helps the oppressed. No. Okay, that's good to to take out oppressors. But you become the oppressor when you are going crazy like this. Teaching everybody to read oppressing the bourgeoisi. When the churches come in and they steal money from the people, they misguide the people to fight in the bourgeois wars. No [ __ ] We're going to oppress the bourgeoisi. Of course, that's who the KGB cracked down on. Well said. But the later KGB. Okay. Right. Yeah. You have to be though. So I was responding to your sketch 80s60s7s. Right. So to the extent that you know people in the Russian Orthodox Church were collaborating with the Austrian painter. Yeah. Cracked down upon. That's the the concept of the dictatorship. It leads to a a much more stable society. Actually look how many Russian people got against the Germans. Do you think how many people collaborate? There's not a lot of people. We hated them. My old There's a hole in my There weren't a lot, but there were from my family members who fight and they're all Kuzak. They're all Orthodox. That's that's heroic. Good for them. So I I actually have a question. So you you're saying that the the Soviet government supposedly was responsible for burning down these churches and destroying these churches, but to what extent was it actually the central government doing that and not just local Soviet like reprisals? Hey, you said it was Trosky. Especially he hated. Okay. Well, the Soviets put a pickaxe in his head. So how does that help your argument? Yeah. Stalin don't want to share the power. Was a menic. So you love Stalin? So Stalin crushed. So you're saying Stalin crushed the anti-religious Trosky. What a hero. I told you he protected the Orthodox Church. I was trying to tell you that. Yeah, but listen, you are thinking like an American, black or white, against I'm talking about You're thinking black or white. You're saying communism is evil. Either evil or a utopia. And no, it wasn't. It was a very complicated time. The idea that the communists just went around burning Orthodox churches for no reason is not true. You're talking out of your ass. Yeah, but you are keeping to interrupting me. This is the problem with Americans. You are not respectful persons. You know, this is the problems with uh uh Orthodox Russian reactionaries is they just blame everything on Stalin and they don't actually make a real point or an argument. They just ramble about, oh, the KGB burned down all my churches. The KGB killed all the priests. I can't give you any concrete examples, but trust me, I live here. Trust me, I live here. I've been to the with the basement right now, brother with Zuganov. He's making tea. If you first pronounce his name right, if you say his name, I'm going to pronounce it like an American. I'm not going to do that cringe thing that Americans do when they're pronouncing something in another freaking language like Afghanistan or something. No, Afghanistan. I'm a I speak English. All right. All right. So, you're going to butcher the name, but you're so proud of. Yeah. It's called Lenin. Okay. You pronounce his name Lenine. All right. All right. Very funny, guys. But why you keep interrupting every time now? You assume that I said something, but I didn't. I said not Soviet Union is totally bad because it has very good things, but there's also very bad things. And you talking about oppressor. It's not a utopia. But you become the oppressed when you're you because you need a psycho leader for this. You for a strong country like this, you need a psychopath like Tito was too. When Tito die, everybody go to war again. No. When Stalin die, you get another one. Then you get a weak one. Remember the one Corbachov? He's the weak one. Whole country collaps. I'd say it started with Kruev. But what about China? I don't I don't disagree with you that a strong leader is very helpful for the construction of socialism but you know it's it's uh not impos like it's it always is a struggle for a socialist country when uh you know the the one of the original revolutionary leaders passes away but I mean China has shown that it's absolutely not impossible um and even the Soviet Union you know lasted much longer after Stalin and yeah the it was uh you I I'm not a big fan of Kruev at all and they were moving in a in a bad a worse direction for a long time after Stalin, but they were still a much better country in terms of foreign policy and and providing economic stability for their people than the US. I mean to the extent that you can compare them. The Soviets were a second world country that had far less you know overall wealth um because they they started as this backwards peasant economy but you know even in the the later years of the USSR they were still providing you know universal daycare and healthcare and you know these amazing things that we we don't even have in the the modern US today. What about all the wars they make? What wars did they make? Like for example Afghanistan. Oh my Are you kidding me? The Soviet role in Afghanistan was heroic. I'm sorry. If you listen to anybody who was in Afghanistan at the time, the US was backing the mujahedin Osama bin Laden. They gave you billions of dollars in guns. Many of the Sunni extremist groups who are in the region today are using guns that are still from that era. They were throwing acid on the faces of girls for going to school and learning to read. And the Soviets entered that to try and stabilize the situation. They built hospitals. They built schools. They protect They tried to protect the Marxist democratic government. Yeah. And in the end, they failed. And guess what? And guess what? The extremist took over Afghanistan. And then 10 years later, the US invaded the country to fight the same people that they had put in power. Let me talk because No, you're talking. You keep muting me like a woman. Because you won't let me talk. You're spreading nonsense. Nonsense. My uncle fighting this war. What was this war about in in the end? about what? How many people die for what? Rodislov, it's worth noting that the Afghanistan war was not started by the Soviets, nor were they willing to intervene. Why Americans? You don't even know. You sound like a woke leftist. I'm from Russia. You got to LISTEN TO ME. MY IDENTITY, my lived experience. You are like the Americans one. You look like homosexual and the other experience. So it's a common misunderstanding that the invasion of Afghanistan was just a sort of unprovoked invasion. No, it was not. Whereas whereas when in reality it was the government of Afghanistan who Yes. They requested help 10 times or so before they actually I know. But what was the purpose for this in the end? [ __ ] to to try and stabilize the the democratic government and work because of the the what would your solution be then to do nothing to just let the let the mujahedin take over how many how many people we lost for [ __ ] how many Russian soldiers today people are without let me speak it seems like you're mad over the fact that the the Soviet government by the 80s was a decrepit structure that no longer serve the people. Am I correct? That's why it failed. Y and that's why that failed. So you're mad good enough that communism. You're not mad at the fact that it was ruled by the communist party. You're mad at the fact that the communist party wasn't doing enough. No, they didn't. They didn't. You listen, if you are uh uh uh you are for the people for the Yes. You are for the people. Why the [ __ ] you go to another country? To stabilize the border so the people don't get hurt. [ __ ] this country. If Afghanistan is fairly close to Russia and we all see what's going on allowed to fall, there would have been extremists or horrible crises and refugees coming out of Afghanistan non-stop into the Soviet Union asking asking I know but like the mujahedin went into they were trying to stop that mutiny like a [ __ ] and because of the collapse of the USSR. Um, but it's the same thing that they're doing in Ukraine and and Syria right now. They're trying to stop uh Sunni extremists from taking over so they can't destabilize the Russian no extremist, right? No, sorry. The AOV and the battalion, you know what I mean? Yes, I totally know what you mean. I'm from Donbas. I totally know what you mean. But what does what what does it have to do with Afghanistan? It's the same. What happened to the soldiers? What happened to you know you see you keep muting me that's cuz you're talking nonsense the the muja were like some of the main combatants in the second chin war and it it's you know it's a whole network that they have across Russia dude shut up if Russia allows extremist groups to take over countries that are their borders it leads to extremists in Russia destabilizing the state okay how do you not understand this how dense are Was I talking about that because you keep muting me like a homosexual boy? You're going to get me banned. You can't say that on that on American Tik Tok. Yeah, I know because you're a weak country. So, let me say I don't disagree. I was saying I was saying that the [ __ ] because the elites they sent a soldier to war. Now, these guys lost their leg. You know what happened to these guys? Nobody respect them. Where's the help from the government then? Where was the help? There was no help because the the Soviet system collapsed because they had capitalism enforced upon them. There would have been help. They still had socialism. No, it didn't come later. Their system was already in the midst of a total collapse by the 80s. Yeah, they were being inated. So, what's the highness of the Soviet Union according to you guys? So, it's okay. Again, I'm going to say this again. It sounds like what you're really complaining about is the fact that communism wasn't good enough in the Soviet Union. It wasn't the fact that there was the communist party just didn't do enough communism. You wanted socialism in one country and one country only. No interaction at all in other countries. I mean that's kind of what China's doing. I mean it sounds like you would have just preferred a Chinese style policy of mutual cooperation and almost isolate not isolationism but you know just trade rather than the so what the Soviets did of you know uh trying to back revolutionary governments around the world although they were far less involved in you know foreign policy entanglements than the US was during the cold war. No, I know that. But for me that you keep muting me first of all. Like I don't know why I haven't muted you in a while, brother. Yeah, but you know the problem is I was not even speaking. You like going on a rampage talking talking. I was not even done with my It's a lot of [ __ ] to debunk. So sorry it takes a lot of words. It's [ __ ] to debunk. But I was not even starting yet. How many of your uncles fight in this war? One more chance. No. Okay. I ask you how many uncles fight in this war? Your uncles in Afghan war in the Afghan war? Well, my uncle Haz Aline was a soldier. Um, he fought on behalf of the the Marxist democratic government there and he fought he took out many mujahedin fighters. Um, long live my great uncle Hazaldin. Mhm. This one. How many uncles did you have fighting it? Three. Shout out to your uncles. I don't get why you're bad mouthing the heroic sacrifice that they made to try and stabilize this country and prevent terrorists from taking it over. No. Why the [ __ ] did they go there? Because they make their team members worse. Because these guys get more radicalized. These guys get more weapons from America. Now they're actually strong. Before they were just a couple of idiots, dude. They were funding the mujahedin well before the Soviets got involved. That's why they had to get involved. That's why they had to get involved. You know, not like this. And then okay we lost our soldiers for what Donetsk Luhansk defense yes this is good we are fighting for our own country we are fighting on our so noia we're fighting against a yes I was there but for go to Afghanistan this is [ __ ] it's a war of of national defense it was a it was a it was the cold war I mean what do you think about the war in s what do you think about Russian involvement in Syria right now? Are you against that? Cuz that's like basically the exact same thing. Yeah. Yeah. No, we don't send so many soldier. Do you There are thousands in there or there was were thousands in Syria. Yeah. Yeah. One of my friends now there. Yeah. Yeah. Are you against that? Because it's not, you know, technically, you know, it's not a country like Ukraine that's basically, you know, Russia, brother, sister nation to Russia. So, you're against the Soviet intervention in Afghanistan, but you're in favor of the Russian intervention in Syria. Yes. We saved their government. That doesn't square, brother. That makes no logical sense. It has nothing to do with political ideology like you need to be communism. It was to save Assad. No, I think neither was the intervention in Afghanistan. It was to stop the mujaheden from taking over and destabiliz to to Yeah, I'm sure there was some I'm sure there was some ideological motivation. They wanted the people who were take teaching women to read to uh take the country rather than the people who were throwing acid on the faces of women. your point that you disapprove of the of the Afghanistan situation because it was a failure and you approve of the Syria situation because it's a success. Is that what you're saying? Is that because Syria is a success, you approve of it and because Afghanistan was a failure, you disapprove of it? No. In Syria, we are like the uh uh support. We're not the main fighters. In Afghanistan, we were main fighters because Afghan fighters, they did do [ __ ] They were like some of them did, but most of them didn't. So, we did most of the heavy lifting. Why the [ __ ] we are fighting most of heavy lifting in another country. If they don't want to, [ __ ] it. Now, Syria were fighting very hard because Afghanistan is right next to you. I mean, I I don't understand how this is hard to comprehend. If for some reason if for some reason like let's let's just assume that Mexico and Canada were like and the US were all like socialist governments or whatever. Let's say some imperialist power decided to invade in Mexico. We would help the Mexicans because they're right on our border. We would help our allies. We were not we're not like isolationists and the Soviet Union wasn't isolationist either. We can disagree about Soviet policy but when you look look at it rationally and geopolitically you can see how logical of a thing it was for the Soviets to involve themselves in Afghanistan right even though it was a failure. I mean like even even geopolitically Afghanistan is bordering Pakistan which has historically always been a very uh strong ally of the United States and it was the it was the Pakistani intelligence services which basically funded the original mujahedin. Mhm. And yeah, I mean if you have Afghanistan and you have Pakistan acting as basically bases for America, what you would say is your biggest enemy, then they would be surrounded on three fronts. Not only in Europe, not only in the Asia-Pacific, but also in the Middle East. It'd be the same as letting Banderites control Ukraine. No, but if you look, they had to fight against it military-wise. Okay. that you should take the big big cities. But they did they did go to the uh to the mountains. What the [ __ ] we want in the mountains? Let them [ __ ] live and [ __ ] goats in the mountains. Oh my god, you're going to get me. Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry. The thing is uh even if you take the cities, it's I mean like we we saw here as Americans, it's very difficult to just hold a country by the cities. Insurgent movements thrive in mountains in rural regions and they have the ability to project power within the cities. But why was not Afghan fighters so much? You know why it was the Soviets who go there so much? I mean to protect themselves from getting the same reason why you know would you say that about people in the Donbass? Why don't they do it all themselves? I was in DPR but this is different. Right. Exactly. That's what I'm saying. Would you say they should do it all themselves? Russian troops involved cuz they don't want banderites to run the whole country and launch a NATO intervention against fight against broader Russia. Yeah, but Putin let us fight for 10 years alone. All right. This this conversation is very tired. Let's uh move on from the Afghanistan war. Give us one more one more point about the Soviet Union. Why it's evil and bad, then we're going to move on. I didn't I never said evil or bad. Right. Right. But why? Why do you I don't even know what was your point. You hate Lenin and then that somehow brought us Yeah, we were just talking. He was claiming that the Soviet Union, the early Boleviks burned down Orthodox churches. Yes, that was his original claim. Yes, it was. No, it was for me like okay, you like but I don't like when the oppressed become the oppressor. This is what I mean, you know. So well that that is literally the point of Marxism Lenism is to call the dictatorship of the workers brought uh every state has a monopoly on violence and uses it to prop up one class versus another that you know and the when the capitalist class regained power in in uh the Soviet Union now Russia as I'm sure you know it was a disaster it was a disaster for the people brought I You know, I I'll I'll explain something to you. I I don't know how much you're familiar with this, but during the Tsarist era, yes, clerics and, you know, Orthodox priests, obviously, a lot of them were good and a lot of them were integrated within the community, but also a large number of them were corrupt and they basically Yeah. They Yeah. They they you know, they basically scammed the local populace and the peasants and they took money from them. They took these sort of what you could equate to bribes. And when the Soviets took power, it wasn't that the Soviet Union, the central government had them all killed. It was actually, and this happened in in China as well, but it was that the local peasants that were fed up with what had happened to them for such a long time, they went out by themselves and carried out reprisals against those people. Yeah. So if you think it wasn't all from the top down is what he's saying. Similar. Oh, of course not all. You have always uh psycho groups who go psycho, you know, angry people. So what kind of state would you support? Cuz you know, this is the Marxist view. Every state in history has a monopol. No, every state in history has I mean there's some corruption of course, but um every state in history has a monopoly on violence and serves to suppress one class. So would you rather have 1990s Russia, capitalist Russia where the economy is being pillaged and people are falling into poverty and and homelessness and degradation and the sex trade and the drug trade or would you rather have a stable Russia where state power is in the hands of the workers and it's used to defend against regime change efforts and whatnot? Like honestly, Putin's policy has has shifted Russia much closer to what they were um during the the USSR era than what they were after the the the collapse in the early 90s. I will tell you, you ask me something, I will tell you. I'm a I don't know. Are you guys familiar with Kazak? Yes. Yes. I'm Kazak. You know what is Kazak? Kazak people are small community. Free people. Free people. We don't want to have any war. We don't want to everybody have fought. Woman from the 1400s women have fought, men have fought every year new leader we did very good. I think that uh big uh government is always bad and also yes Putin is good but he's uh uh not like um uh Soviet Union because you have more freedom far more freedom in what way? 90s was the [ __ ] up from Russia. It is very sad uh for us to see what happened there. Yes. So Oh, go ahead. Step. Sorry. Sorry. Yeah. I think a lot of your personal grievances regarding the Soviet Union come because you were born in a time in the8s when the Soviet government was undergoing a complete collapse. And that that was basically your only experience with what it would be. And you had to live through, of course, the '90s, which was a terrible time for you guys. But I don't think you could really attribute that to like really what the the mission of the Soviet Union was like especially in the times of Lenin or Stalin. And you like Putin. What has Putin done? Putin's cracked down on oligarchs. He's he's kicked out Western interests and he's, you know, gotten involved in in Syria and Ukraine and and what you're saying, you know, those are the things that you're also saying that you don't like about the the the Soviet Union. And I get it like you you were born into a crazy historical time. Um I understand why people in Russia have the consciousness that you do, but I think you're, you know, laying at the feet of Lenin and communism. Um a lot of the a lot of things that uh weren't their fault or that they actively fought against. No, Lenin. No, Stalin. Maybe Stalin. I can accept Lenin. No, that's what every Russian says. You guys love Stalin, but you won't accept Lenin. I I think a lot of the problems that people hold with Lenin was because it was during a time of war and it was like a a sort of a revolutionary war where everything was in chaos. So there wasn't this level of order. But if it weren't for Lenin, Stalin wouldn't have been able to really come in and implement that sort of order. I know. I know. You need to start to to to go a very good foundation. But also, you know, you guys, you I understand what you say, but you also have to see a little bit out of the box and and look at the negativities more. So, you can understand two sides. Now, I know that I'm born in the 80s, but of course, my whole family born earlier. Now, some people have nostalgia. They say it was far better Bratislav. It was so good. We were free foration. And I know that. I know that. But it's also I say, "But can you say whatever you want?" No, no, no, no, no, no, no. You cannot. This is dangerous. You see what I mean? You can't say whatever you want under Putin. So, you can I swear I live there. I swear I live there. You can't even say what we want in the American, you know, it is more it's more free in Russia than in America. I swear. That's probably accurate. And and you know, I'm not anti-Putin, so it it's, you know, it it's hard to to compare. And yeah, like you know, modern Russia, they had, you know, and Putin has the ability of looking back in hindsight and like you said, learning from the mistakes of the Soviet Union, but his policies have been um it's it's a recalibration that's almost moved them more what I would call, you know, leftwing closer to he's almost acting um he's not a right-wing like actually what he's not everybody in West say he's extreme right blah blah blah dictator, but he's actually moderate in Russia. That's what I'm saying, right? He's he's stabilized the country from this right-wing neoliberal shock therapy that was induced on them in the early 90s to, you know, it's he's what what does he say? Any anyone who uh anyone who says the Soviet Union was terrible is an idiot and anybody who wants to bring it or has no heart and then anyone who wants to bring it back has no brain. like um and I don't agree with that, but he he has the the um the benefit of hindsight of of studying the Soviet mistakes. It was a an absolutely necessary experiment. And without it, you know, who knows how how backwards Russia would have been for years. It was the the early years were the the fastest increase in life expectancy and stuff that had ever been seen in human history. they they probably would have got rolled by Germany, you know, if it if it wasn't for the industrialization policies of Stalin. So, you got to give communism its due and what it did for the country. Yes. Listen, I always say everybody have to understand one thing. Without Stalin, we would never win this because we would never win this one with SAR, you know, never. We needed a bigger united country, a stronger industry, everything. And he he didn't back down. So, we won and the West still hate us for it. Sukov say he's right. Yeah. You have to for me you guys have to also look more uh uh dig in in the negative so you can be more open you know open about oh if there's a negative I'm not going to slander the negative. Yes there was big negatives. I agree. But our where where we differ is the position on Afghanistan because I think they did need to do that and the reason that it failed was because of the the coup and then the USSR's collapse and the there you know the fact that they were in the process of collapse already at that point. Um where did you think it started this collapse with Nikita Kruev? Yeah, that's what I would say. Dolonization. I mean I mean you have to think about it. It's just in the numbers as well. Like before Hushv uh this the Soviet Union was entirely self-sufficient in terms of agriculture but by the time Hushev came around they were actually importing Russian I mean uh western grain to be able to fulfill their um like obligations towards their own citizens. Yeah. Yeah. And he had a lot of wacky policies in ter especially agrarian policies and um the socialism betrayed book by Kieran and Kenny or whatever. It's in I don't know where they're from. They might be Americans. I don't know. But um it talks about some of the mistakes that Crus made. It's a really good book and I agree with you. You know I don't think we need to implement the the Soviet Union version 2.0 or the American Soviet Union. Um but it was a necessary experiment that taught future communists lessons that have allowed them to like if you look at China, if you look at the inner party debates of the CPC, they are constantly weighing what the Soviet Union did um looking at what worked, what didn't and adapting it to their own conditions. And that's why they're the most advanced country in the world today. And now like and and that's another example of how Putin's moving um or Putin's moving closer to them. He's he's building relations with these uh these uh communist countries um and socialist countries because they have the same kind of foreign policy stance and opposition to the US. Yeah. US uh sorry guys, but you are the most evil one now. Oh yeah, I know. We know. We're well aware. We're That's why we're communists. We're trying to fix it. But what is the plan for you guys? make a revolution in in America. Well, the you don't make revolution. Revolution, you know, comes from the masses. But what the party's job is is to give that revolution theory, systematicity, and guidance to be the vanguard of the revolution and and show the people the way to construct a better society just like the Bolsheviks did, which was a heroic historic role that they played for Russia and for the world. Is it not better than to separate from America like in one state for example like Texas? take taxes or something. Okay. No, we're not we're not going to go down the path of Soviet Union dissolution. That's ridiculous. Bulanization wouldn't solve anything. I don't know. Look at Yugoslavia. Look at Yugoslavia. They were much better as a unified socialist republic than they are now. The the Balkans can't stop fighting each other. You got all these ethnist groups. Yes. Disaster. Balkcon's crazy, man. I go every year Balkan. Well, there you know the problem is what I told you before. Then you need one psycho strong leader like Tito. Yeah. When Tito un alive everybody come bam. Yeah. No, I don't I don't disagree that um you know poor leadership has has led to but strong leader also means secret service analying uh here and there put in prison people who have different opinion. You know what I mean? Uh not always. Not I mean that's when when you're under the attack from US imperialism which you know you know Russia has been in pretty much every point in their modern history other than the their well even then they were under attack from the US but the US was successful in pillaging their economy like they were trying to infiltrate the country at every turn. The CIA was so if you don't have your own intelligence apparatus how do you fight that? How do you fight the CIA without a KGB? No no no I know you need KGB. you need uh uh these people but they go too far with suppressing uh individuals uh uh opinion. Tito did, Stalin did, Kur did, Len did. Well, every country that was involved in World War II became, you know, a military dictatorship at the time. That wasn't unique to Stalin's Russia. And without that, you know, you would have had Yati infiltrators running around the country and uh you know, sabotaging what they were doing, which was industrializing and preparing themselves to defeat the the Germans and the the Axis. No, but later later on too, you know, with Kruef, with all these guys, you have the same problem. I mean, there's always there's always going to be excesses of any state, you know, but the like like we're saying, the capitalist state is much worse. And you know, Putin is uh I don't want to call him like he he's unique. You know, Putin's unique. He's uh he's the best leader Russia ever had. I tell you, you think he's better than Stalin? Wartime. Stalin far more better than Putin. Put Putin is too soft on this. But uh economically wise, if Putin was in World War II, we dude, it would take like 20 years to beat the it he will go he will be slow under I tell you but yeah and he would he would probably sacrifice like three times the amount of men to do it okay like let's be real here Stalin was probably the greatest leader in Russian history maybe ever in the world so let's just let's just put a cap on that I would say number one wartime wartime wartime yeah yes a lot of my family will agree with you guys dude Putin Putin has to deal with these oligarchs every single day and yeah he technically controls a lot of them but he still has to listen to Stalin didn't listen to no no damn oligarchs. No problem. Stalin he probably listened to nobody only sukov. No he listened he listened to the people. The people send him letters directly. But I swear if he listen to people he will be a little bit different. No he did listen to but it make him good. Make him good and make him bad. You know he he was totally psycho and this make him very good wartime leader but and uh he non [ __ ] but uh Putin he's too soft but he's not wartime Putin not wart time but he's for freedom he is for economic very good he's very good outside policy look how many he do he best we try not guys guys calling him calling Stalin like a repressor or a major repressor I think it's a big mistake because Stalin the reason that he did all these really harsh first programs to industrialize the country and to reign in all the bureaucrats is because he was listening directly to the people. He was trying to use the people's energy to turn on to the bureaucracy and say, "Listen, you're going to listen to the peasantry and the workers or you're out of a job policy." And he was of the workers, too, obviously. And he before he died, he had um plans to democratize. You know, the when the war was over, he wanted to put more power in the hands of the Soviets and directly in the hands of the workers. And unfortunately, he died before those policies could be implemented. And we got Cruchev who I would say sewed the seeds of the eventual dissolution. But um the people who Stalin suppressed were especially as Americans, we know this cuz the this the archives were opened up to us um in the '9s and we got more access to information. A lot of the people who the red scare propagandists and American media told us that Stalin had unalived for you know just cuz he was this crazy madman were actually people who were collaborating with Germany or intellectual bourgeoisi who sided with the west. Right. uh specifically within the context of what you're talking about uh as it relates to any country in the world, if you say you're going to take certain actions against the government, things are going to be done to you. And at at and for the most part for most of those countries it would that was the only extent to which it would actually apply and it wouldn't apply to this sort of like cultural policing of what oh you can't and can say within daily life. Muted myself this time. No, this was happening actually. But can you say it was all Stalin or maybe barrier? Was it the local NKVD? Because it's a big country, you know, cannot say Stalin did uh uh uh he was on his desk. Okay, this guy Olga Farenovka uh in some small town she say something. Let's analy. Of course not. It's also NKVD and other people same. Yeah, it's a big excesses like during the collectivization process. A lot of excesses. Wait, what? Somebody said, man, I I don't know how you guys do this, man. read and and and and and and speak how you supporting Stalin Brah. I swear you are innocent. You know how cashew how many Yeah, I know how many people die. Stalin ber gulak. Yeah, gulak. You know the Russian word for gulak guys. Do I know? Do we know about the gulags? Yeah, we want to know the Russian word because gulak we will not use it uh in Russia. You not gul acronym I think. No. Yeah, you use it because it were the gulak who could put in jail. But uh we don't say gulak. We say lagira. Oh, this is why it's funny when people tell me something. I'm like, whoa, you don't even know the name. It's lagira. For next time somebody say gulak. No, no, no. This is American propaganda. It's lagira. All right. Well, I think I'm going to sign off for tonight. Um yeah, I have to go to make your communist angry again. Yes. Thanks for joining us. That was I will tell you one small joke. You know the Usanka the the big head, you know the fur head. Yeah. I have this one with big uh communist uh uh logo and I walk in church and say where's the show your uh passport you know and your uh party ID and everybody's like oh [ __ ] Then the priest put it on calling an agent. Yeah, that's [ __ ] funny. Okay, everybody that's I follow you guys for sorry for the bad start. Was I am sorry too. I came out too aggressive. Thanks for the comments. No problem. Okay, that's you guys. See you everyone.