Okay. Had it or hit it, Sydney Sweeney. >> Oh my god. Had it. So had it. I have so had it with this pygmy ass I mean, also, by the way, I've also had it with remember when the jeans ad came out for American Eagle and she's like, "Jeen, you know, give you your blonde hair, whatever she said." And there were a bunch of liberals and leftists who didn't want to be like, you know, woke schools and they're like, "It's cool. We don't even care." I was like, "Guys, we should care that this major American brand is flirting with eugenicism." So, that was Crystal Ball on a podcast called the I've Had It podcast raging out against Sydney Sweeney again over her American Eagle Jeans ad that she's still mad about because once again, despite what these lefties say about how they're all about economic populism and actually working with the working class. In reality, these people are elitists that have these elitist concerns that want to make sure that all the Hollywood actresses stay perfectly in line with their ideology and are willing to deploy the most disgusting, nasty tactics in order to preserve their one party rule in elite circles. And this is what we're going to talk about today. But before we do, I want to thank everybody who supports this channel via actualjusticewarrior.com/join. >> Give me the money. Give you give me the money. Okay, >> so fun fact, the woman that is pictured on screen as Crystal Ball melts down over a jeans ad that is months old and never should have been a controversy in the first place is the same woman that is in that viral clip with Jank's nephew where she identifies the collar that's on his dog is way too tight. >> And now it's mainstream. I love her. I think her collar is too tight. >> Well, it's a we have to you have to be able to get two fingers and I couldn't even get one. I think you're choking her. He's like, "It's it's cuz she has a lot of neck meat." >> And of course, this was evidence against Jen's nephew in the whole shock dog incident because guess what? Jenk's nephew removes the collar and hides it under the table because he doesn't want it to be seen by her or on stream because obviously this was the shot collar. But in this particular instance, we're not going to get into their support for animal abuse as long as it's being done by a communist. We're gonna talk about Crystal Ball being ultra pissed off again about a jeans ad from months ago where Sydney Sweeney made jokes or the jeans ad made references to winning the genetic lottery >> for American Eagle and she's like jeans you know give you your blonde hair whatever she said and there are a bunch of liberals and leftists who didn't want to be like you know woke skulls and they're like it's cool we don't even care and I was like guys we should care that this major American brand is flirting with eugenicism in order for like to turn a profit. >> So the level of delusion right here being expressed by Crystal Ball who of course is an outofouch elitist that is laring as a champion for the working class is actually quite impressive because the whole point of the ad was a pun where they're talking about jeans as in genetics winning the genetic lottery and then jeans as in pants in order to sell jeans with like a sexy voice and whatnot. And it shouldn't have been controversial at all whatsoever. Jeans are passed down from parents to offspring, often determining traits like hair color, personality, and even eye color. My jeans are blue. >> City Sweeney has jeans. >> However, because Crystal Ball is uncomfortable with the idea of a white person being described as having good jeans, she projects all this eugenicis nonsense that's coming out of her own mind onto this particular ad and demands that American Eagle apologize for this. and Sydney Sweeney bend the knee and say that white people can never have jeans even though again it is very common to describe attractive people as winning the genetic lottery. In addition to that, I will also point out that this American Eagle ad comes after a wave of these stupid body positivity ads where they put obese and unattractive women in their clothes under the premise that that would make their clothes more relatable. But in reality, what actually happened was that people didn't buy them because they assumed that those clothes were for fat people or for fat girls. What people actually buy into when it comes to advertising a lot of the time is this idea of aspirational goals. Sydney Sweeny's attractive. She's wearing the jeans. And even though this doesn't make logical sense, people think, "Oh, well, if I buy those jeans, I will also look or feel attractive." That was the whole appeal. That's what they were going back to. And of course, Crystal Wall doesn't like that. She's like, "Bring back the obese transises models." And she's absolutely livid by the fact that some people had common sense to not be woke scolds about it because she says, "Oh my god, the Nazis are coming. They're banging on our door. They're coming to get all of us." And again, she's just melting down over this particular ad months later. >> Like, that's not okay. And we should feel comfortable calling that out. So now that she's sort of like exposed herself, I feel like, you know, that view has been completely vindicated because she knows what she's doing. She wants to appeal to these like right-wing ethnosentric white nationalists effectively. She thought this would be great for her career. >> So again, all of this is imagined by Crystal Ball right here. All of this is anti-white hatred that she is projecting out into the world and trying to pin it on Sydney Sweeney. The idea that she was trying to appeal to evil white racists or white nationalists by reading the lines in the script for her ad, absurd and ridiculous. The idea that she came out and admitted it again is an insanely dumb interpretation of that GQ interview that we went over previously where she was essentially prodded to apologize for her appearance in this very successful jeans ad campaign. And she decided that she wasn't going to participate in that. She wasn't going to back down. She wasn't going to apologize for being white. And that's what angers Crystal Wall again. Let me roll you the clip of that GQ interview where Crystal Ball says she's acknowledging that she's embracing the white nationalists. >> Yeah, you've come here like really willing to talk about this whole discourse that doesn't have that much to do with you and I'm grateful for that. >> Um, >> did you is there something that you want to say about the ad itself? The Sydney Sweeney has great jeans. Do you have >> The ad spoke for itself? >> You think the ad spoke for itself? Okay. and the criticism of the content which was basically that maybe specifically in this political climate like white people shouldn't joke about genetic superiority like that was kind of like the criticism broadly speaking and since you are talking about this I just wanted to give you an opportunity to talk about that specifically >> I think that when I have an issue that I want to speak about people will hear >> now of course Sydney Sweeny's face in response to that has become a meme that people want to use acrossthe.com but You really need to understand that Sydney Sweeney has not adopted any right-wing beliefs publicly or anything of the sort. What Crystal Ball is angry at and what this smug cat lady that she's talking to is upset about is the idea that she's not openly embracing all the left-wing talking points. That she's not bending over backwards in order to pander to the woke mob. And that's what they're angry about. That somebody dare step out of line. And they're getting super petty. talking about her movie Cassie and how it didn't do well. In reality, this is a November release of a biopic. Usually, you release movies in November in order to get some Oscar buzz if you think they're going to be good, but they're not typically movies that do well financially anyway. So, yeah, the idea that, oh my god, she's so terrible and horrible. She obviously is an evil white racist, Trump supporter, neo-Nazi, outright, whatever the hell Crystal Ball wants to call her. And yet she was very moved by the story of a lesbian boxer and wanted to tell that story in a biopic. Doesn't really make a lot of sense, Crystal. It sounds like you're just lying right now. It sounds like you're just an embarrassing woke scold, an absolute loser who again is projecting your hatred on a younger woman because you're uncomfortable by somebody not constantly affirming your beliefs like always happens in the bubble that you live in. >> Because she knows what she's doing. She wants to appeal to these like right-wing ethnosentric white nationalists effectively. She thought this would be great for her career. Turns out they don't want to see an artsy movie about like a female boxer who's a lesbian like Christy. This movie she just put out that totally bombed at the box office. But no, I mean I find her embarrassing and pathetic honestly. Like she wanted to lean into she thought the vibe had shifted and this would be great for her career. And so I'm happy to see her fall flat on her face frankly. >> Yeah. Yeah, the whole thing grows up. >> I agree. Women that, you know, she is fine latching on to a political party where the secretary of defense personal pastor took the time in an interview to say, "Yes, Pete and I are very tight. We're close friends and I want to do away with the 19th amendment." And this is just at some point when you go seek refuge with the people that hate everybody and you're one of the groups, minority groups that they hate, at some point those knives are going to be turned you. But yeah, she declared she registered as a Republican in Florida >> in this year like in the year 2025 to register as a Republican as a woman. That is a choice. That is a choice. I don't buy this that she's like, "Oh, she's just not that smart and doesn't know." She knows exactly what she's doing. >> So then they talk about Sydney Sweeney being registered as a Republican. And when she was registered as a Republican, that was it. That was when it was over for Crystal Ball. And again, this is the attitude of people that live in their own bubble. They're obviously isolated from the general population. And again, Sydney Sweeney was registered as a Republican in the state of Florida, a state that has been turning more and more red due to the fact that they have solid Republican governance. But crystal ball is like many of people who back in the pandemic were sucking off Andrew Cuomo and everything he did while simultaneously condemning Ronda Santis for not taking the pandemic seriously. Even though the outcomes and again the way people voted with their feet obviously indicated that people broadly prefer Ronda Santis style government to what was going on in New York. Again, she embraces all the stupid ass woke policies. The defund the police, mass migration to the United States of America. She's defending the Somali immigrants in Minnesota because it is all about identity from her. And one of the funniest parts about this particular segment is she then projects on to the right that they'll abandon her as soon as she turns 35 years old because then they'll have no use for her once she's beyond reproductive years. >> Well, and here's the thing. Here's the thing. Beautiful girl, great body, giant boobs. They love her for that. second she turns 35 or 40 or whatever their expiration date is, they're done with her. They're done with her. Like, you've set yourself up to have this incredibly short shelf life and they don't even care about you now. The only time they'll go see you is when you're doing these like, you know, explicitly sort of like sexual roles. If you want to do something with any character or depth, they already have no use for you. The irony of these women who are all older than Sydney Sweeney talking about how she only has value as a young hot woman while at the same time projecting that onto the right and condemning the right for their supposed sexism should not be lost upon all of you. They're the ones that are bringing this up. They're the ones that are talking about this. And by the way, I would just point out for everybody out there in the audience, if Sydney Sweeney did go in an actual right-wing direction, the Republicans would never abandon her. Republicans love old celebrities. Celebrities that are not doing anything in Hollywood anymore really. And a perfect example of this is the popularity of like a Kevin Sorbo who still appears at all these different Republican events even though again he hasn't really been relevant in Hollywood for a very long time. So in reality, Republicans would embrace her into old age because they want to have people from pop culture on their side. They're desperate for that. It is the left again who sees her as useless and sees her only for her body. And this is represented by Crystal Ball only talking about this, talking about her in this way while at the same time condemning sexism. And by the way, Hollywood, one of the most left-wing institutions that we have, huge supporters of the Democratic Party. They're not exactly well known for treating older actresses particularly well once they're past their prime years. So again, all of this is coming from Crystal Wall's elite circles. She's projecting it onto Sydney Sweeney and she's mad at everyone and anyone who isn't outraged by the fact that the girl did an ad which referenced her winning the genetic lottery, which is something we often use to describe people who are attractive because that makes Crystal Ball uncomfortable because you're not supposed to say white people are attractive or any white person has good jeans. And I agree with you. The Republican view of women is that it is breeding years only and then kicked out to the pasture. There is such an agism deeply embedded into their misogyny that is so embedded into Republican culture. But it those things that we tell little girls like these little girls grow up to be these beautiful women that are amazing and you fight for marginalized rights. But it's amazing how much the cultural impact of the stuff that Trump is doing is going to have on generations. >> That's what worries me. >> Generations that it it it takes it's going to take so much time, so many years to peel out of all of this. >> Now again, all of this all of this is coming from them, from their own minds, from their own hearts. And it's how they feel about people who step out of line that they essentially become useless to them, especially if they're in groups that they believe should be aligned to them based solely on their group identity. A perfect example of this is in this very same podcast. Crystal Ball started melting down at the idea that non-white people would join ICE, that they wouldn't be in favor of illegal immigration. And she started saying, "Hey, Latinos, guess what? They're coming for you next." >> Okay. Something else you said you had had it with are minorities in ice. >> I mean that connects to this, right? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Like not only do you have no moral compass and how many times have you seen these guys, they've got their masks on so you can't see their whole face, but what you can see it's like a brown skin tone and a dude who looks like his last name is probably like Lopez or Hernandez or something. It's like what is what is wrong with you? Not only do you not have morality, apparently you don't have self-preservation. I mean, this is these people hate you. They hate you. They hate your family. They hate your kids. They hate your future grandkids. They don't think you belong here. You're not a quote unquote heritage American. You're never going to belong. And you're the one implementing the violent force against your own community. I just can't wrap my head around that. Now, not that it matters, but I'm half Latino and there is nothing, absolutely nothing, about me being partially from a Hispanic origin or my family members being fully from a Hispanic origin that predisposes us to like and support and cheer on illegal immigration. I know this is shocking to people like Crystal Ball, but people are individuals. They can form their own opinions. They can change their opinions based on the reality on the ground. And we already had the experiment of flooding the nation with millions of new illegal aliens committing asylum fraud. And this is why Donald Trump won a majority of the vote when he ran for reelection in 2024. You're the one who's out of touch. And no, people don't have to align with your elitist worldview based on the fact that they're poor minorities that need to be obedient to you. Again, this room, this group of women are the most likely people to tell a Latino person that actually it's Latin X. >> You're never going to belong. And you're the one implementing the violent force against your own community. I just can't wrap my head around that. >> No, we're not doing that. That's embarrassing. >> While at the same time, they're purporting to speak for that very same community. And it's absolutely embarrassing. In addition to that, I will also point out for you guys out there in the audience that the hypocrisy of Crystal Ball pretending to be a workingclass champion while again championing unlimited immigration into the United States of America and of course bending the knee to the woke mob, which of course happens to be some of the most elitist people with no real problems in society and what they actually value should not be something that you think is unique to this situation. Because in reality, Crystal Ball has already proven herself to be incredibly sketchy and act like the very elites that she scorns. Because if you guys will remember, this is the same woman who started her own political action committee in order to get members elected to Congress that aligned with her values. And guess what? That political action committee spent the overwhelming majority of their money on salaries for people who worked at the committee. And guess who was the biggest beneficiary of those salaries? Crystal Ball. Anybody can go to Open Secrets and look up the People's House Project pack expenditures. And what you'll discover is that they spent $521,000 in the 2018 cycle, nearly 70% of their entire expenditures on salaries, and contributions only represented 6.52%. And guess what? The number one recipient of those salaries was Crystal Ball who pulled in $279,333 from this particular pack. So that's over half of the salaries, over 35% of the total expenditures for this pack. That again was about getting members of Congress elected that represented her values going directly into Crystal Ball's pocket. This is the same person who will rag on nonprofits for having bad ratios of what they actually donate to charity and other super PACs and talk about how we need to get big money out of politics because there's so many scams. But guess what? When she ran a super PAC, she promoted it with her name. It was to enrich herself. $300,000 for a pack that elected no candidate. I believe two candidates that they endorsed may have won primaries, but they won nothing. The pack basically folded after this. and Crystal Wall basically set up a get-richqu scheme in order to deprive her own audience of money and put it directly in her pocket. Again, acting as the very elite she criticizes. So, I'm not surprised to see her embrace the same politics of the elites because that's who she is. That's who she's always been. But you know what? Those are just my thoughts. I want to know what you guys think about all this down in the comments below. As per usual, if you like this video, show them by leaving a like. Subscribe for more content. Follow me on my social medias. Support me via the support links in the description of this video. This has been me talking about Crystal Wall melting down on Sydney Sweeney and Latinos that dare defy her expectations of them. Till next time.