Right. So, let's let's let's share it. So, this is the doorway into the office. Dorway. This is the doorway. So, uh I'm currently sat here with my ass so big and so fat. My I'm I'm I'm about here even though the you know. Uh so, this is my this is where I am sat right now. for your viewing pleasure. So, if we come into the office as you can see from just down here, oh what's all this? Oh my god look at all of this 80s goodness. Oh, here we go. Here we go again. Let's just So, we're walking in the dot. You walk you we can play this like an RPG, like a Dungeons and Dragons. You walk into my office and take a look around. What do you see? So, because the radiator is always radiating uh I thought I had to put a little bit of something on the radiator. So, this this as you can see just down there. This is an original Action Force poster. Now, you could say, "Oh, you've stuck it on. You've ruined it." I I had So, I've got so many of these. So, one of them has been sacrificed to just give a little bit of viewing candy. So, that's a cold scarlet. So, the first row is some GI All of these are vintage GI Joes on card, unopened. Oh, look at these. Oh my god, look at these. Look at these. Look at beautiful these. Oh, got leather neck there. Look at that tiger force bazooka. Oh, crystal ball. You can see graded 85 and then a general flag graded 85 as well. Then we go across and you see that it then turns into action force. So before they became the GI Joes in the UK, we had them as action force. So I've got an uh Snake Eyes and an airtight and then a Persuader, an Action Force G.I. Joe uh Persuader at the end there. The Persuader is a graded 75. So now we're on to the proper pali toy. So this is the US Paratrooper action force. So, this was before even the SAS Z Force Q4 Space Force. So, before they did the SAS power attack, they did the US Paratrooper power attack. You notice how they are pretty much exact. And then there's the SAS boat patrol roadblock looking awesome there by the way. One in six scale roadblock. So the action force before they became in uh before they went into the G.I. Joe packaging and still stayed as Action Force. They were in the old school action force boxes. So again, these are all on card, not necessarily mint. There's, you know there's some damage. So, we got torpedo we got gung-ho, we've got two rip cords. Now, why are there two rip cords? We've got an unpunched rip cord on card. When you if you're a collector, you know, uh then we've got uh stalker and we've got two roadblocks again. Why? Well, the French versions I want, you know, but uh one's punched, one is unpunched. So, we got mutton junkyard there. Airborne. This is one of my beauties. Scarlet. I have a an on card. Little little bit of um bubble damage, but on card, sealed on card. Scarlet British version, unpunched action force version. I got a juke action force as well. I got a Cobra Trooper there and the Cobra Commander one in six, by the way. We got uh the remainder of Q Force. It's at the top. You'll see that in a minute. But we got the Z Force. So, we got the mind sweeper, we got the infantryman we got the sapper, we got the uh radio operator, we got the medic, we got the captain, we got the uh the weapon pack SAS, attack trooper, frogman, commando SA, just SAS because this was from the original action force be before they became Z force Q Force. If it's in this box, if you see this, that is one of the originals, the original action forces before they turned into specific groups. And then the SAS squad leader, which is exactly the same figure as the original SAS. Then we've got, here we go. We've got acrylic up the silent attack boat. And then we've got original commando here. Uh, I've had to order some more acrylics because I've run out run out of acrylics. And then we've got Destro which is one of the best one in sixes you'll ever see in your life. This is an amazing Destro. And they've got the Baroness. I believe this is an I think this is an 8.0 graded. You can see it's graded. I think it's an 8.0 graded uh Shadow Tracks for Action Force, which is freaking amazing. So, we got the we got Baron Iron Blood, Black Major, we got the Kraken, the Muton. I actually got two Mutons on card because I picked up one for like £35 and it was in mint condition. And then we got a Red Shadow on card there as well. They're the bad guys. Then we've got the uh space force. So we've got the space foot, the bigger space force there, the commando, we've got the pilot, we got the engineer uh we got the patroller, we've got the secured two security guards then we've got a weapon pack. So, we move over to the uh other side. We've got the Justice Mobile. Uh but this is uh from 1997 the George Clooney. Um we got the Batman, Robin, and Batgirl. These are the 1997 statues uh from the movie. My top moji case is my Resident Evil Modic case. Got my Jill Valentine statue which I've got the uh zombie Dolan. We've got Cla Leon from the remake. No, sorry Leon in his original in his original RPD outfit. Ada from the remake. Leon from Resi 6. The statue of Leon res is the original Resident Evil 4 Leon. And that statue is the number one is the number one of 500. That is number one of of maybe 350 actually. But that's the number one statue. And then we've got the Ada matching statue next to it. Then I've got Adah. Same Ada, but this time in her FBI FBI get up. Claire in a remake outfit. And we've got Cla in her original outfit as well. Uh Ashley from the Resi 4. And then this Jill which you can't quite see, but this Jill behind is actually the Jill statue from the Resident Evil 3 collector's edition. Uh, and then we've got a first aid kit, a first aid spray, an official These are official, by the way. Official first aid spray, by the way. Official Stars uh USB/starss badge from Resident Evil 2. Then we've got some Gvirus and Tvirus and Las Plagas. And then the rest are accessories from the figures. Oh, and two. We got the chainsaw controller. So then we got a couple of ribbons. These are actually um these are official. Uh and these are actually for cocktails. Down below, we've got the Autobots. We've got the Autobots corner for the fans toys. We got Omega Supreme, Defense, Superion uh most of them fans toys. You've seen, you've probably seen this in one form or another before. I do have to take all of these out and put them back in the order that I want them to go in. But that'll be a fun job for me to do. I actually do like doing that. Down below here we have the Supergirl, Michael Keaton, Batman, the Flash, and this base actually comes with this version of Ben Affleck's Batman. All from the Flash, but all of these light up. Then we've got the uh Bane Joker in the bat suit, uh Twoface uh the Dark Knight right? the Dark Knight. Maybe the Dark Knight, right? Anyway the uh thingamajiggy there. And then uh Zods at the back, Catwoman. And there we go. So, above the desk we've got just a choice of slabs. So, this is a an original Transformers number one from 1984 signed by Frank Welker and Peter Cullen. Uh G.I. Joe number one. Uh my yra number 10 no restraints play from the assass is there in a 9.9 there. Uh ripazine got a horseman. Ripazine uh with salvage and sorcerer cuz I think they look cool as [ __ ] A horseman uh Batman there and another yra 9.9 yra. Yes, this is not the official one. This is the 1988 uh reprint uh GI Joe. So that is the reprint of it. So here we go into Transformers Corner. So that isn't an OG Hound or an OG Mirage. They're the 1993 remakes. I would like to get an 84 version of each. Uh, and then we've got uh Astro Train which is a uh an OG. That's actually got a Woolworth's sticker on, believe it or not. And then we've got uh Octane, which is also OG. Then we've got a graded Sharkon 75 graded. We've got an 80 graded Durge. Got a 75 graded Blur. And then next to next to Blur, I've got a graded cup. It's an 80 graded cup cup. These are all OGs. Optimus Prime 40th anniversary. Now, this is a another cup that I have. This is sealed. It's a slightly different version than the other cup that I've got over there is is the one that comes with the poster. So, they're two different cups. I do need to send this away for grading. Uh, this tracks is a 7.0 graded. So, this is also graded at 7.0. It's a 75. It's a 75 graded tracks. At the end, we've got the 40th anniversary uh Bombshell and Ramhorn which was such a weird a weird weird thing to put to put out. Anyway, then uh this is the Transformers the movie. This is a new one, but this is the Ultra Magnus. I love Ultra Magnus. Next to it is a Transformers the video game. Uh sorry, Transformers the board game from MB Games. Completely unopened. This is uh this is seller tape. This is completely unopened. I used to have one of these when I was a kid. I got it for Christmas. So I I was I was really chuffed to be able to pick one up. We got my statues. Couple of statues here. We've got the hot rod because he's in hot rod version. He's not in um Rodmus Prime version. You there is the attachments to turn him into Rodmus Prime. Uh but this is the hot rod version. Uh two guns, twin guns. We've got the Bumblebee with Spike. I've got the Fortress Maximus' fanto head. Missing Link RC. Missing Link Sun streaker, Missing Link Bumblebee Missing Link Cliff Jumper. Oh, and then at the end, this is the self-t transforming Megatron. We have statues one in three scale statues. We have uh Azrael Batman. Absolutely great statue. Then we have uh Terry McInness from Batman Beyond. This is an amazing statue. Huge. This doesn't do it scale. Then we have the Arkham Batman one in three scale, which is uh crazy. Then we've got my uh logo, my original logo that was uh made in rhinestone by Janet from Another Planet, which is pretty awesome. And this is my OG page from Batman, Detective Comic 701. Uh signed by Graeme Nolan signed it to me, Graeme Nolan. God bless him. And then pictures, my prisoner poster limited edition. Uh we've got the Bane picture, Breaking Batman, Black Cat. And then this here, which is a Lilograph for Fantasy Star Online. This is a one-of-a-kind item. That's that there is there was only this done for this specific advert. Bought it from Sega directly a long long time ago. And uh boom, managed to managed to get that. So there folks there is what the little office looks like right now. [Music]