Okay, I need to talk about the sword that has appeared in the recently released Predator Badlands film. Now, I have watched the film, even did a full review on Night's Watch, and to my surprise, I quite enjoyed it. It's a decent film. But maybe I'm just biased because swords happen to play a fairly prominent role in the movie, and it's a pretty darn cool sci-fi energy type sword. one that I want to do a deep dive analysis on because that's was we've always done this on chatverity pop culture weapons analyzed. We're gonna go really close to see how practical this sword would be in real life and for the most part it's actually quite decently made with one major issue because Trenth and I we have discussed one of the primary mechanics that this sword does. What it does do it is a collapsible sword. It actually folds in half so you can, you know, sheath it easier and it doesn't take up as much room. There is good practical reason why you would want that because swords don't actually weigh that much. It's just that their weight is stretched out and dispersed over a longer area so you get reach and it's functional as a weapon. But if you could condense that like again most swords only weigh by 1.4 kilos, sometimes 1.2 do depending on the like uh one-handed swords are even lighter, right? That's not that heavy. And if you could collapse that weight into something more convenient, they would be far easier to transport and wear. And so Ton and I, we have a a video uh even brainstorming ideas in design of how would you design a collapsible sword? Because there are challenges that arise and they would absolutely exist if you were to make the Predator Badland sword in real life. They can kind of handwave some of those issues with science fiction technology or materials, which is of course it does. The sword works perfectly fine in their setting. All right. But we're looking at how functional it would be in real life. And there are some significant challenges that would arise. And those are the challenges that Tyrant and I talk about in our dedicated video on could you make a collapsible extending sword. And our designs are wholly focused around what could maintain the sword's strength and functionality. Because when we look at the Predator sword, it has an interesting feature. It has a single rotating kind of hinge that you can see here where the sword literally folds in half. And I one thing that I really like I like that the top part, you know, curve of the blade folds in to the bottom kind of inverse curve and they fit nicely together. And so the shape gets this curved, you know, uh could that potentially increase its cutting capacity shape and then it folds neatly together in a convenient kind of uh sheath that you can place it in. That is in concept a convenient welloughtout design. The issue is is that hinge there, not necessarily for its folding capacity, but how strong it would be able to remain when it is extended in its sword form because that is the only thing connecting it. Swords when used get put under a lot of stress bending quite significantly. You can see as all the sword tests on shadowvers where we put swords under stress. Yeah, they uh can flex quite severely. And if you only have like a small hinge uh absorbing that shock, in most instances, it would break. It would cause a really big problem or at the very least have severe defamation. And that's the issue you would face if you were adapting this sci-fi sword. Now, of course, the sci-fi materials that we can assume it's built out of in the world setting, we can pretend that it is super strong and would be able to maintain all those issues. So, this sword would actually work quite well in a setting, but there is an issue that actually would carry over even into the science fiction setting. But, I'm going to address that last. Let's bring it back into the real world. And okay, maybe it could work if it had a really strong locking mechanism on the back edge of the blade. It still would be nowhere near as strong as if it was just a full length sword. And overall, the design and shape of the sword is nearly 99% there except for this issue that exists in the world setting and in the, you know, if you were brought bringing into the real world, we're going to address that, you know, later. But if you could complete the length of the edge along the whole sword, this is a perfectly reasonable functional sword design. This week's exclusive Shadowver video is reacting to a really, really fun type of content made by a legend online, Anatoli, and how he kind of b represents what I could almost see as what a modern-day superhero would look like. Someone who has insane strength but doesn't look like it. and me and Tyrant react to uh well some of the great videos he does and also talks about that concept. So that is the exclusive video available for this week which you can get access to which is $1 a month through Patreon, Subscribe Star and channel memberships and that is what is sustaining us. So thank you to everyone who's supporting us and also sign up so you get those exclusive videos. Thanks guys. Excessively curved swords like this have existed in history. You can look at references like the Copesh or the Deian Fal. So, the shape or curve of the sword isn't an issue at all. There is an oddity in its design right down near the hilt where it has like a cutout section that you might be thinking there is no point to. This could actually have a functional point. And what that is, it could enable you to finger the guard. Now, sounds a little dirty, but fingering the guard on a sword simply means place your finger over the guard like so, which gives you more point control. Now, if that cutout on the predator sword is to be able to enable that because it mean the the blade is a bit wide, you know, it's sticking out further and so to reach your finger kind of close or over the blade, it helps that there's a cut out which brings it closer in. And if that is the purpose of that cutout, okay, that actually makes sense. If it's if it's too high, which it very well might be to for the finger to reach, it has no functional purpose and actually makes the blade a bit weaker and would be a big flaw in its design. One of the other oddities about this blade is that the angle of the handle is actually offset a bit from the blade. And now sometimes that is done on real swords, but usually you would have it offset in the opposite direction. Okay? you actually have the handle. So if the blade is curving up, you would have the handle kind of curve inwards a bit which gives you a bit more leverage. Uh this is done in the opposite. But here's the thing. I have seen that done on historical swords where the handle is actually on a bit of a steeper angle increasing the kind of curve ratio of the overall sword. What swords have I seen this done on? Japanese tachis. A tashi is the kind of earlier form of the katana. a more battlefield oriented sword, but it looks very much like a katana to the untrained eye. I have seen real historical tachies actually have the handle curved offset in the same way that the predator predator sword is. So, and then what's also interesting then it also has a curve on the handle which curves a bit back inwards and so they kind of want like a flowing you know wave pattern on the overall length and that works perfectly fine. So now we come to the biggest flaw I would say on the sword that which would exist in the world setting if you had the technology to make it and in the real world and it comes back to the hinge. Now it's not that the hinge is a small point. It's that because of the hinge there is literally a break in the blades edge. So you have this sh super energy, you know, edge, right? And then there's literally a section where no edge at all, not only an edge, there'll be a flat section because it's a hinge. And then back to energy blade. That is a massive fault on this sword. If if they go and cut something on the bottom half of the blade and it draws down because that hinge actually has like an inverse curve on it, it would hook on things and stop the cut. you would actually get caught on stuff and prevent the slash from carrying through. That is a big big flaw in this sword's design. Now, in the movie, they handwave it and pretend that it doesn't even exist and the sword can literally cut monsters in half when that point right there would actually stop the sword in its tracks. There is perhaps a way you could design to fix this to have a hinge and then a blade kind of sticking just far enough over. Or it's an energy blade. What if uh the blade protected an energy edge that was that actually sat a little bit off the metal or solid part of the blade and because it's energy, it just bridges that gap through, you know, just sending the the the the energy, the power across it, completing the overall thing. So you could handwave that in the fantasy setting, but I and they might even do that. I'm trying to I've only seen the movie once. I'm trying to remember if in the movie they have the energy portion completely cover that hinge or if there is a break. They show the break in some of the promotional material showing the sword. And if the energy has a break in it, that's a problem. That is actually a functional problem. And it's one of the really only flaws I could give to it in its world setting. As soon as you take it out of the world setting, that hinge is still a massive weak point. I do wonder if you had like a clasp on the back cuz cuz the hinge is on the forward part of the blade and if it folds in and you have something on the black that locks it in, that could perhaps solve a decent amount of the weak portions of the blade. But overall, I think it's really cool. And it's really cool that you know sci-fi energy laser swords are fun and I like that they're in the movie and I want to see more of them cuz here here's the thing final thought on the thing right this goes into some of my criticisms with a click on batlith okay we we've explored that adnauseium here on the channel okay cuz my point is a sword is a natural invention that any intelligent species that if they have hands would naturally uh make for obvious reasons Because a cutting tool is something that pe any intelligent species would naturally make. And so you'd make a knife. Like if you have a cutting thing, having a handle is useful. Cutting thing and handle. Boom. You've invented the knife. What's really useful? A really big knife. And wow, you've invented the sword. The sword would be a common kind of convergent evolutionary invention amongst multiple humanoid species to the point where if you had a like established warrior society, I actually feel that would be more odd or out of the ordinary that they wouldn't have their own version of a sword in their culture, society, and history. I think that it would make sense that the Klingons have an actual Klingon sword that is the shape of a real sword. And I like that the the now introduced one that the predators obviously would have that as well because it is a natural evolutionary invention. Multiple species would create it. And so I get a buzz. I want to see more sci-fi swords, even alien swords, laser swords, cuz they're and they're cool. And the Predator one is cool enough. It's so close to being near perfect with only a couple of criticisms here and there. What do you think? Do you like this, you know, sci-fi sword? Does it make sense for the Predators to have it? Have you seen the movie? I have. I liked it. You can check out my review on Night's Watch. And let me know what you think of the sword in the comments below. And you can check out us analyzing other sci-fi fantasy swords here on Shadowver. There's one right there. Hope to see you there. And until that time, farewell. It's a That's a functional sword. What makes that What makes that a M ninja sword is the coloring? Not that's a functional sword, Tyrant. >> More ninja sword. >> It's a functional sword. >> So Shad LOVES BALL NINJA SWORD. >> I WOULD LIKE I'M GOING TO GET FINE. I'M I'LL GET THAT SWORD. [music]