[Music] The pressure for the next Superman film directed by James Gun was already at an all-time high. But with the latest news that we have just heard from Christopher McQuary about his vision of Superman and the fact that Henry Caval would return, the fact that we're hearing this just before the release of James Gun Superman puts the pressure at an all new level. Now, I was excited for James Gun Superman when I first heard about it. Then we got the first trailer, thought it was pretty good. I wasn't blown away by it, but I thought it was fine. Um, but I've liked most of of Gun's work over, you know, the the past several years. So, I was like, "Okay, I'm looking forward to this." And I'm, you know, I'm a Superman fan, so I was thinking this would could be very cool. The more we have seen from this movie, the less interested I have become because it's been more about Gun and less about Superman. Because it's James Gun Superman, directed by James Gun, starring James Gun, featuring James Gun, produced by James Gunn, written by James Gunn. It's James Gun overload to the point where I just don't even want to hear about it anymore. But now we get these comments. Christopher McCory Superman movie details. Green Lantern would have reappeared or would have appeared uh including a five-minute opening sequence in similar to Pixar's Up that would have set the stage for the film and who Superman is Henry Caval would have returned. And that's the biggest piece to this whole thing. It's bringing Henry Caval's name back into the news cycle because there's such a passionate following for Henry Caval and his Superman. Now, I've been on record saying I do not like Man of Steel, and I certainly don't like Batman vs. Superman, but I do think that Henry Caval is the perfect choice to play Superman. I understand why James Gun wanted to move away from gun uh from uh Caval in some respects, but ultimately, the best person for the job was right there, and you decided to move away from him, mainly because you probably didn't want to deal with the Snyder fandom or whatever. Guess what? You're still going to deal with them. They aren't going anywhere. Henry Caval's scrapped Superman movie would have revealed what Superman is most afraid of, reveals Mission Impossible director. Had Henry Caval's Superman sequel ever happened, the DC EU would have explored the Man of Steel's fears. According to Mission Impossible director Christopher McQuary, one of the most famous aspects of the DC EU movie timeline was that many DC movies that were put in development by DC films, the original division before the launch of DC Studios with James Gun and Peter Saffron, only one or only for many of them to never come to fruition. When it came to Caval Superman, um there had been various plans for what to do with his take on Man of Steel. On the latest episode of Happy, Sad, Confused, McCory was asked about the ideas he had for a Superman film with Caval after having worked with the British star on Mission Impossible Fallout. According to McCory, Caval Superman sequel would have explored a deeper side of the DC's icon and the man of steel actor had also shared some input into the direction for his take on the character. And so this right here, this is not helping James Gunn situation at all. I already think that the pressure is too high and I don't think that Superman is going to make a billion dollars. And just because it doesn't make a billion dollars doesn't mean it's going to be a failure, but it needs to set the tone and it needs to come out of the gate strong. And don't get me wrong, we're not dealing with like a film that's getting massive backlash. I mean, right here, the latest trailer has 28 million views on the DC YouTube channel, 513,000 up votes to only 17,000 uh down votes. So, I don't think that there's a wave of negativity surrounding uh Gun Superman at all. I'm not saying that and I want to be clear about that. I'm personally still looking forward to this. I'm still hoping that it's good. I'm still hoping for the best, but the marketing has not been where I think it's needed to be up to this point. I'm still looking forward to it. Don't forget, I love the marketing for Man of Steel, and I ended up not liking that movie. I think those are the best trailers I've ever seen for any film, and I ended up not liking the movie. So, we'll see. I don't hate the trailers for Superman. I just don't love them. It hasn't blown me away up to this point in time. But I'm still very much holding out hope that this is going to be a good movie. If it is a good movie, if it's a great movie, then so be it. We can move forward. But if this movie does not deliver on the level it needs to deliver on, these comments about Henry Caval Superman are going to be a massive thorn in James Gun's side. So, we're going to have to see how this goes. And another thing about James Gun is James Gun is James Gun's biggest fan. He loves himself some him more than anybody. And if he is facing massive backlash and massive criticism after this movie, it's going to be interesting to see how he handles that. So, you guys let me know your thoughts in the comments below. Thank you very much for checking out this video and we will talk to you later.