[Music] derotic.com. >> Greetings you over 1 million practitioners of common sense and the 40% who haven't subscribed yet. You know, it's not like we haven't tried to sound the alarm or light the beacon since way back in the force's female days and way back in the Captain Marvel days. The first shot fired in the MCU. >> I do not need a 40-year-old white dude. >> Despite the appearance of suck cess, we tried to warn you this day would come. I mean, wasn't it Tinsel Town and their ilk in the Access Legacy media that was constantly telling the fans whom they despised that change was >> inevitable? >> It's what? >> Inevitable. Things are inevitably going to change. >> God damn it. Open your ears. >> Difference here is there is natural change and force change. And there's no two better examples in Hollywood than Disney Star Wars and Disney Marvel. The two IPs Disney bought to make it less of a girls brand. Again, we warned taking male brands that were enjoyed by everyone and turning them into female brands that were enjoyed by no one wasn't a good strategy. And it turns out my good friend Chris Gore, who got a lot of clapback for this quote, was right. Disney turning Star Wars and Marvel from a boy brand into a girl brand will prove to be the costliest decision in movie history. And as usual, the corporate legacy access media finally catches on to what the fans that they load so much have been saying years too late. from Variety. Disney's boy trouble. Studio Seek's original IP to win back Gen Z men amid Marvel Lucasfilm struggles. Disney's struggle. Now, I'm not going to say they don't need to win back Gen Z because they do. But I would argue just changing this headline to win back men because, and I've said this before and I'll say it again, it's not that you just drove away men, including Gen Z men, you made them the enemy. >> Here's the thing, Bruce. I'm great at controlling my anger. I do it all the time. When I'm catcalled in the street. When incompetent men explain my own area of expertise to me. I'm an expert at controlling my anger because I do it infinitely more than you. >> So, the toxic fans were right again. And no, we're not all running a victory lap. We're reading a death certificate. If you've been hanging around this channel for any amount of time, this won't be anything new to you. Disney Marvel and Disney Star Wars are indeed dead and they have been for a long time. What you are witnessing are zombie franchises and they are just two examples of our beloved IPs and stories being constantly dug up and desecrated by the creatively bankrupt Frankenstein. >> It's pronounced Frankenstein. >> And now that those bones have turned to dust, it looks like Disney's moving on to destroy and desecrate something else. Looking at you, gaming and anime. Admittedly, gaming has been doing its own fair share of destruction and desecration, but Hollywood wants in on that action. >> I'm going to be a dad. >> No, you're not. >> But let's hear what Variety has to say. And oh, they're being clever. Cinderella and Sleeping Beauty aren't the only ones looking for a prince. >> Son of a leadership, if that's what you want to call it, at Walt Disney Studios has been pressing Hollywood creatives, if that's what you want to call them, in recent months, multiple sources tell Variety for movies that will bring young men back to the brand in a meaningful way. Young men, in quotes, and something quite frankly Hollywood's always been into, is defined here by sources as ages 13 to 28, aka Gen Z. I think it's prudent to point out within that Gen Z age range, at least they have witnessed some good Marvel, but they have never witnessed any good consistent Disney Star Wars. But what about Andor? Well, I would say out of the three trilogy films they have produced, the two standalone films they have produced along with the seven liveaction series, and I'm not going to count the animated series, I'm going to be kind here. you might have possibly gotten one to three projects and believe me this is arguable that might have been watchable out of 12. And a quick reminder, Disney has owned Lucasfilm for almost 13 years. And as far as Marvel is concerned, and again, at least they used to be good. But since Endgame, with the roughly 27 projects, not counting animated series, they've shouted out, only three of the movies were good and the best being something they don't own, Spider-Man No Way Home. On the streaming side, the only thing watchable were a couple of holiday specials and the best thing was an animated series and they fired the showrunner. Yet, none of these projects are great and the rest is absolute crap. So, what is that? 6 out of 27. And this has been going on for half a decade. And we all know the reason why this is happening and we all know the reason why the corporate legacy media will never bring it up. Sacrificing our beloved stories created by more talented people on the altar of the message. They are vandalized, violated, subverted, and perverted beyond all recognition. And then even worse, turned into a lifestyle brand. Inevitably, apathy sets in because the stories have no meaning. Or, god forbid, real heroism in your superhero story, and Disney continues its doom loop of self-referential gobbledegook, where the only thing Marvel and Star Wars seems to be about anymore is themselves. Oh, and making the fans the enemy. Speaking of that, let's see what the famously impartial Variety has to say who's written their fair share of articles attacking the fans. At least they state the obvious. First, duh. Every film studio is looking for a better way to convert young audiences, I'm not comfortable with this conversation, into habitual movie goers. Numerous studies show that Gen Z men in particular are a lonely gaming obsessed group who were hampered in their formative years by a co 19 lockdowns. Dude, in this article where they're talking about Hollywood trying to get men back to Hollywood, they damn near called you incelss. Why not just come out and say it? Hey, how do we get the incels back? Sure, we've emasculated you, denigrated you, and attacked you at every turn and literally made you the enemy. And constantly called you incelss, which just another word for nerd, which is something you kind of need to watch things like Marvel and Star Wars. And they've constantly called us toxic fans, but it turns out they need our money. >> The question is, who cares? And then Variety piles on and says, "Not the easiest segment to grasp." And I would have to ask Hollywood physically or metaphorically. You know, it is probably difficult for the likes of Variety and Hollywood to grasp that segment because they have driven out any shred of masculinity from their industries and running a never-ending campaign against the patriarchy. In other words, men for years. And yes, male loneliness is a very serious issue. something the entertainment industry going across commercials or social media has shown zero interest in zero empathy or sympathy towards to this very moment. Can't imagine why men want nothing to do with you. Anywh who, back to variety and the issue at hand. But what surprises producers, writers, and other partners in the larger industry is that Disney has been calling for original concepts to lure the demo back to the movies. Let's take a look at some of these original concepts Disney has coming up. Tron Aries. It's original, I guess, because it's a Tron movie without Tron, although I am looking forward to it. Predator Badlands, Zootopia 2, Avatar 3: Fire and Ash, Ready or Not 2, The Devil Wears Prada 2, The Mandalorian and Grou, Toy Story 5, Moana, a liveaction remake of an animated film, Avengers 5, Ice Age 6, another Star Wars movie, Frozen 3, Avengers 6, Avatar 4. In other words, I'll believe that statement from Disney when I start believing Bob Iger when he says for the 17th time that he's going to prioritize quality over quality, which will be never. As Variety points out, this is the same Disney whose multi-billion dollar content engines Marvel and Lucasfilm have sated men of all ages. I'm sorry, you misspelled a word there. Uh have hated men of all ages over almost two decades since the company acquired them. The sources say Disney has been seeking new IP and pitches such as splashy global adventures and treasure hunts as well as seasonal fair-like films for the Halloween corridor. The calls come as the Star Wars machine struggles to produce any film project and the superhero genre sheds audience by the minute. In other words, our priorities are moving on because we've buggered Star Wars and Marvel into oblivion. And apparently this big brain decision to bring back all those toxic fans and incelss comes right from the top. That's right, the weatherman Bob Liger. I mean Bob Iger. And he probably made that decision between one of his multiple showers per day. Two insiders say the mandate to recruit young males goes as high as the seauite. I got to give Disney some credit here. At least they're bringing in a dude to help bring back the dudes. David Greenbound, the former Searchlight Pictures co-head. He runs Disney's liveaction business. something Variety says is a label that has been sorely lacking in guilaning fair. What the hell is guilleaning fair? Like the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise. Oh, you mean the one that the last time you made an announcement, Margot Robbie was going to be the lead? Also, to say nothing of the lackluster attempt to reboot and hand off Indiana Jones. Yeah. To Phoebe Waller Bridge. A Disney source says that movies for Gen Z men are part of an overall strategy across all labels. Do you ever think for one second, Disney, that maybe looking at all the stuff you paid billions of dollars for as labels as part of the problem? You can have all the strategies about labels you want. There's one big problem with this scenario. You're still Disney. Case in point, you know, the dude I just mentioned put in charge of bringing back the dudes. Well, his big solution was to hire a chick. Greenbomb recently hired Daria Carich, the savvy former Paramount Pictures co-chief, to assist in the effort. You mean the savvy woman from the company that's $15 billion in debt? A very Cracker Barrel of you. Some think a push for this demographic is simply Greenbomb, who hired a chick to help him bring the dudes back, trying to put his stamp on live action. Yet, numerous power players who spoke with Variety see something ominous in the tea leaves. Yes, admitting those toxic fans were right and bringing back that male audience that you spent years degrading might be ominous to Hollywood. And yes, they bring up what Disney does best. No, not doing anything original or anything innovative. Buying their way into an existing franchise like Fortnite. That'll get them kids. Yeah, too bad they don't own the movie rights. And yes, they bring up that Disney was the box office king last year, mainly due to a third Deadpool movie with Fox characters and a couple of animated sequels. And they have a billion-dollar film this year with a live-action remake of an animated movie Lilo and Stitch whose profits were essentially erased by the flops Elio and Thunderbolts. And they already started the year in the hole because of Snow White. And they have two potential billion dollar films towards the end of the year, both sequels. Zootopia 2 and Avatar Fire in the ass. >> Preparation H does feel good on the whole. Still no word on that originality Bob's talking about, who said in the last quarterly meeting that he won't favor existing IP over original material. >> Sure, Jan. >> And his big solution for all of these problems is to put out great movies. Now we know why the weatherman makes the big bucks. One top film executive at a Disney rival, I wonder if his name rhymes with Vavlov, says every studio should be looking for originals as sequels and reboots continue to exhaust the culture, even if they're packing in movie goers in the short term. In the short term, I want you to remember that. But first, how exhausting are sequels and prequels? Forgive me if you've heard this before, my Alien Earth review, but it bears repeating. And yes, it is exhausting because there isn't just prequels and sequels. Oh no, there's direct sequels, spin-offs, midquels, interquals intraquals standalone sequels paracquels sidequals legacy sequels, recquals, and spiritual sequels. Now, let's circle back to that statement in the short term because that has essentially been the strategy of Lucasfilm and Marvel Studios. meaning there is no concern for the longevity or legacy of your brand, the one you've paid billions of dollars for. And while the Variety article did bring up one of the people who are responsible for these disasters, Kevin Feige, it didn't even mention Kathleen Kennedy. And you may be asking yourself, dear viewer, rightly so, how in the hell are these people still employed? And the answer is, >> I don't know. Boom. Kevin Feige is essentially post TomTom Brady Bill Bellichic minus the 25-year-old girlfriend. Sure, he won some championships, but what the hell has he done for anybody lately? We've gone over his failures since Endgame, but just this year, according to Rob Liyfield, he's 0 and3. I would argue, add in Daredevil and Iron Hart, making him 0 and5. And you can sense that people smell blood in the water. Speaking of Rob Liyfield, who's been roasting Kevin since he wasn't invited to a party. Then there's Bo Deo, the former showrunner of X-Men 97, going scorched earth on a daily basis. I guess he didn't sign an NDA. And now the director of the biggest MCU flop, Nia Dcasta, is throwing Feige under the bus. Of the Marvels, Nia Dosta said, "One of the issues I had with Candyman and the Marvels was the lack of a really solid script, which is strange because she co-wrote both of them." The Costa has also previously said that the Marvels wasn't the movie she shot. #release the Dcasta cut. But that's okay because there's going to be the cameo fest Avengers Doomsday, which I predict will have the tightest script ever written. That's not true. It's not even finished yet. But according to Alan  who says he doesn't know what's happening in Avengers Doomsday, I did the entire film in isolation. Lots of green screen face replacement. They even gave characters fake names. I don't know who I was acting with half the time. And the piling on continues with two articles from the Hollywood Reporter today. The summer box office is quickly turning south. Early hopes that grosses could top four billion this season have fizzled as insiders bemoone a lack of temp polls. And look at that picture. It has three Disney characters, including two for Marvel. Again, from the Hollywood Reporter, the second weekend is the new opening weekend. The handful of films this year have been pronounced box office winners based on their opening performances only to fall off a cliff in their sophomore outing and reveal their true fate. And guess who's featured here? The Fantastic 4. I was told calling this film a flop was premature. And that is the third time that has happened with the Marvel movie this year. Then there's Kathleen Kennedy who sorry for going on with the sports analogies here. And sorry Brits, we're talking about real football, American football. She's the equivalent of an offensive coordinator who worked under a really talented coach and got hired away and then you found out that all of her success was due to the really talented coach named Steven Spielberg. And the most prolific and formerly most valuable cinematic IP of all time hasn't made a movie since 2019. And don't get me started on another tangentially Disney product, Doctor Who, where a Doctor Who producer said the casting of Shudy Gatwa and the first female doctor played by Jodie Whitaker was not some bold step in the Culture Wars She says it's simply as it should be. It's normal. And now the show is simply where it should be. It's canled. And what do all three of those franchises have in common? Besides having something to do with Disney, they had a slavish adherence to the message and they all committed merry suicide, destroying the classic for a now that never was. All to bring in a modern audience that never existed, obliterating Doctor Who, Star Wars, and Marvel's longevity and legacy. You know, the thing the fans cared much more about than the owners of these franchises. Marvel Comics has 80 years of continuity. Doctor Who has been around for over 60 years, Star Wars for almost 50 years, and the fact that they're all still around, be it as zombie franchises, is a testament to the brands. And Disney has either been directly responsible or partially responsible and doing the impossible, ending the timeless story. And the only thing fans are responsible for is deciding your legacy for you, Disney, by walking away. And even if Disney could fix this, or better yet would fix this, I don't think they even know how. This is called being too big to succeed. In other words, being too scared to change. What's the evidence of this? Kevin Feige and Kathleen Kennedy still being employed. Two studio heads who thought it was a good idea to emasculate the male hero, denigrate the male hero, and then go as far as to denigrate the male fans. Turns out it has consequences because it pissed off men and women and now you need them back. And I think it's best summed up with this post on ex Twitter, which I couldn't have said better myself. If you're struggling to get boys to watch your stuff when you own Marvel, Star Wars, and Indiana Jones, you don't belong in the audience business. You also don't belong in show business when an astounding failure Disney's woke era has been. [Music] >> If you like what you heard, please like, share, and subscribe. If you didn't like what you heard, I thank you for listening this long. I will see you in the next video. [Music]