Life really does come at you fast, dear viewer. One minute you're a multi-millionaire actress who hit the wall so hard that I'm still not sure who took more damage from the impact, bemoning the lack of opportunities for female directors in Hollywood to pick up some easy performative victim points. The next minute, your own $90 million directorial effort absolutely bombs in its opening weekend gets obliterated by critics and literally causes mass walkouts from audiences who couldn't believe the gigantic steaming pile of cat [ __ ] you inflicted on them. The Bride or to give it THE CORRECT TITLE, THE BRIDE [screaming] IS ALREADY A STRONG contender for the worst movie of 2026. And I don't mean so far either. I mean, when I compose my best and worst list at the end of December, I'm pretty sure this loud, obnoxious, lurid, poorly written, horribly acted, and schizophrenically directed 2 hours of pure narcissistic incompetence is going to be a top contender for the drinker's naughty list. Everything bad that you've heard about this movie is 100% true and more. It is one of the most unashamedly terrible films I've seen since section 31. And apart from soaking away your troubles in a hot tub full of bleach, it might be one of the most unpleasant ways to spend 2 hours of your life that I can think of. Let's get this [ __ ] over with quickly because every second wasted on this thing is a second I'm never going to get back. The movie opens with a disjointed monologue from the ghost of Mary Shelly. Yes, we're deep into pretentious artouse territory with this one. complaining about the story of Frankenstein's bride that she never got to write because the patriarchy stopped her from doing it or something. >> You sure about that? You sure about that? So, naturally, she does the sensible thing and projects her ghost into 1930s Chicago, where she forcibly takes over the body of a woman named Ida and immediately starts spouting more incomprehensible [ __ ] than a third-wave feminist speaker. Her indiscretions provoke the anger of a local mob boss who has her escorted out of the building by the quickest possible route, which in this case turns out to be a speedrun down a flight of stairs. Oh dear. Probably shouldn't have started dulging his most intimate secrets in a crowded room. A meanwhile, Frankenstein's monster shows up at the offices of a local scientist who it turns out was a fan of Frankenstein's work and has published a number of papers on the subject of reanimating the deads, which turns out to be just what he's looking for. Because just like in the original book, he's looking for a female companion to ease his loneliness, if you catch my drift. Oh, you dirty monster, you. [laughter] I mean, I'm not entirely sure why it's taken him over a hundred years to reach this conclusion, but whatever. Let's just not think about that. He's surprised to find that the scientist in question is a woman who published under a man's name because the patriarchy forced her to do it, even though by the late 1930s, a number of female scientists had already achieved widespread recognition. But let's not worry about that when the movie has a message to get across. Science lady is eventually persuaded to create a bride for the monster who she names Frank. And by eventually, I mean after like 3 minutes of screen time, but [ __ ] it. Let's just keep going. All they need to make their plan work is a dead body. And well, I think you can see where this is leading. Pretty soon, Ida's been jolted with electricity and reanimated, complete with the possessed ghost of Mary Shel on board. And Frank goes to work trying to seduce her, but she's like, "Nah, it'll be fine." And decides to hit a local nightclub instead. Not a dance hall, mind you, or a jazz bar or a [ __ ] jitterbug aquarium, but a straightup nightclub that looks like it came straight out of 2026, complete with strobe lighting and modern-day dance music. >> That doesn't make sense. >> Just go with it. But then some of the local patrons get a bit handsy with the bride which forces Frank to step in and save her ungrateful arce by curb stomping the [ __ ] out of them. And the whole thing gets caught on camera because golly g whiz, people are always bringing massive flashbulb mechanical cameras on nights out with them. So, the story devolves into a kind of Bonnie and Clyde situation after that with Frank and the bride going on the run across the country where they start to actually fall in love with each other, pursued by the police and the mob boss who saw the photo of the nightclub fight and is a little bit surprised to find that Ida's still alive. And while all this is happening, the oppressed women of Chicago start to rise up against the patriarchy, inspired by a speech the bride gave at a fancy cocktail party during a standoff with the police. Oh man, it's like a shitty knockoff of Joker. Eventually, both parties track them down to a drive-in movie theater where Frank gets killed in the crossfire. So, the bride takes his body to science lady to reanimate him. But she's like, "Nah, it'll be fine." But then the mob guys break in and shoot the bride. But that's okay because Mary Shel's ghost decides to step in and possess his science lady this time so she can bring them both back to life and live happily ever after. Right. Jesus [ __ ] Mothering Christ. I have seen a lot of crappy movies in my time, but I don't think I've seen many that were so completely determined to waste such an insane amount of money and talent. Just like the monster it's based around, the bride. SORRY, THE BRIDE. [screaming] FEELS LIKE A BUNCH OF disjointed and partly decomposed body parts awkwardly stitched together. part gothic romance, part surrealist comedy, part feminist empowerment fantasy, part period drama, and part experimental artouse flick. It's desperately trying to be a bit of everything without understanding how or why these things work, or what it even hopes to achieve by doing any of it. This kind of schizophrenic, scattershot approach would have been just fine if this was some microbudget film school project with a bunch of unknown actors. But let's face it, it's not. This [ __ ] self-indulgent cinematic travesty cost $90 million and it boasts the kind of cast that would be the envy of most highlevel directors. Christian Bale, Peter Scarsgard, Jake Gyllenhaal, and Annette Benning. And it's all for nothing because the script and direction are complete dog [ __ ] I mean, what kind of absolute lunatic signed off on this one? And why are they still employs? Christian Bale, for example, is a superb actor, but holy [ __ ] you would never know it from this film. He spends about 90% of his screen time yelling every single line of dialogue at the top of his lungs like he has no idea what he's supposed to be doing and just decided screw it. I'm going to go full [ __ ] with this one. Annette Benning talks and acts like she walked in from a completely different movie. And I can't say I blame her to be honest. She probably wishes she was in one. The only good thing I can say about the performances is that well Jesse Buckley's pretty entertaining. Not because she puts depth and nuance into her character, but she definitely swings for the fences, that's for sure. The emotional tone, style, and cinematography swerves wildly from surreal dance numbers to incoherent monologues to attempts at dark paos and romance to wannabe edgy action scenes to the point where I actually started to wonder if the whole thing was some bizarre social experiment. The feminist empowerment overtones of this film are about as subtle as a rainbow colored chainsaw and as tired and trite as every other movie that tries to pull crap like this in 2026. Honestly, you'd think from this movie that it was still 2017 and the idea of women finally venting their rage, real or imagined, and forcing the world to hear what they have to say was some exciting new concepts. Trust me, it [ __ ] isn't. We've heard everything they have to say for like a decade now, whether we wanted it or not. and we've reached the conclusion that most of it isn't worth listening to. You know, it's actually kind of interesting that we've had two major films based on Mary Shel's book in the past 6 months. One was a visually sumptuous, poignant, tragic, beautifully written, and superbly acted story of ambition, loss, vengeance, and hope that treated the source material with respect, and reverence. The other was a brash, loud, abrasive, mindless exercise of ego and vanity that shouts in your face without saying anything meaningful and squanders the impressive talent and resources that were lavished on it. One of those projects was written and directed by a man and the other was The Bride. And if you're looking for an answer to why more female directors don't get a chance in Hollywood, Maggie, you only need lay eyes on your own creation. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.