Nearer my God to thee. Nearer to thee. Hollywood is dying every day of sheering hubris. Innocent adult pretenders just like this one. Listen, I I I want to pretend like this is I want to be here to celebrate. And I am here to celebrate and I'm proud to have a Golden Globe nomination, but also this is not normal anymore. And so I don't know how I how I could be quiet and I'm feeling a little sick. So it's hard to BS right now. So >> these celebrities can't afford their next luxury mansion, but with your support and just $1 billion a day, you can save them. Please go online or call this number to become a member for only $12 billion per year. That's only $386 a second. Feeling bad isn't enough. Call now. >> Greetings you over 1 million practitioners of common sense and the 40% who haven't subscribed yet. Hollywood did indeed survive 2025 barely and they have collectively entered 2026 a very humbled industry and you almost feel sorry for him. No, I said almost outside of The Night of the Seven Kingdoms which will probably go down as the best show of the year. So, if you haven't seen it after watching this video, get to it. The most entertaining thing about Hollywood right now is Hollywood for all the wrong reasons. And yes, it is a tragic story for them. They've lost relevance as an industry. The Hollywood actor, or as I like to call them, the professional adult pretender has lost relevance. But if you don't believe me, let's go to the corporate Access Media. Not that they're trustworthy, but it is worth noting when they actually admit there's a problem. From the Hollywood Reporter back in January, Los Angeles's hold on Hollywood is slipping. I believe Los Angeles's hold on Los Angeles is slipping, but that's another story. Where's the work? Film and TV production data over the past years shows a sharp decline in projects filming in the city even as officials recognize the urgency to keep the entertainment industry. How are things going in the Palisades? And the Hollywood Reporter followed up with this just a month later. A slow motion eulogy for the TV industry now in shorter supply. Shows that involve real sets being built, fully staffed writer rooms, series regulars, dozens of recurring and guest roles, and attention spent on production value. And things haven't been much better in theatrical considering they haven't had a single film in the first two months of this year cross $200 million worldwide. And the first major tent pole film doesn't come out until March 21st when the first quarter is almost over. The good news is it's Project Hail Mary. I already have my tickets because the book is brilliant and I can't wait to see it. But it can't come fast enough because we've already seen the repercussions from the theatrical wasteland that was 2025 where in the fourth quarter AMC had a 10% attendance drop and that was with an Avatar film. And all this is happening while they face the inevitable incoming AI apocalypse which has already impacted the industry. Oh, and while Hollywood hasn't fully recovered from the WGA and film actors guild strikes of 2023, there is a good possibility we could be getting a sequel in 2026. But before we get that possible sequel, the WGA has already stealth dropped a midquil when the union went on strike against itself. Ironic. Then of course there's the most recent news of a virtue signal going horribly wrong and the loss of another major studio. But before we get to that, let's check in and see how everybody's doing. >> We might be getting a new business daddy. Netflix has backed out of its bid to buy Warner Brothers Discovery, paving the way for rival Paramount Sky Dance to take over. >> Yeah, not great news. >> In fact, if I may quote anyone who's ever accidentally sat on their Roku remote, oh, I'm in Paramount NOW. HOW THE DO I GET OUT of this? immigrants. I can't stand the idea that the dismantling of the culture that did have a hand in making me who I am, which is so meaningless in the face of people's lives being like completely unearthed operated, destroyed like just the vi this is this like not who we are. So like where I'm from, I don't identify with that. >> As the white friend at this event, I'm going to go ahead and say to the women who look like me, to the men who look like me, it's incredibly important to remember that so much of what we love in America comes from black culture and white people need to show up for black people. the way they show up to be entertained by black culture. So given who's in office and given what we're seeing happening to black and brown communities in our country, we better get our together. God, I wish I was ethnic. I I I I definitely am dying every day thinking, "So, do we make movies about this? Do we throw all of our money at it? Do we stop buying burgers in the daytime? What do we do about this?" Like, I can't I can't fathom that it's happening until it doesn't happen. It's like, uh, Los Angeles doesn't exist without all of us. Uh, there's another big story today that I never got to over in my monologue and it's me. Hang in there buddy. That's water under the bridge. A lot has happened since then. That was 10 years ago. You know, since then we've had co I believe we're a dictatorship now. And uh, >> look me, look in the camera and tell me how you really feel about AI. yeah. I so hard and that just it to death. >> Certain thoughts are completely valid even if they like drift away like ice cubes in a glass you can't touch. Do you know what I mean? Like those things are just as valid as the as the big fish that you catch, >> right? Okay. Wait. >> And it empowers people to think for themselves and not just like, oh no, I'm not kidding. her. When people show you who they are, believe them the first time. >> A those poor people. And you have to wonder how they're going to deal with Warner Brothers being sold to Paramount. Now, I'm no financial analyst, but to me, it looked like Netflix was a shoein because they had the cash. But then Paramount did something admittedly that a few people in our sphere predicted. They went up to $32 a share, massively overpaying for a studio that has been America's dumbest entertainment company. And Paramount, without a doubt, is the better of two bad options for Hollywood. Cuz it's been a roller coaster. First, collectively, Hollywood was absolutely against Netflix buying Warner Brothers until they weren't. And the reason being is actually hilarious because Trump's buddy had to come in and save him. And they are having a hard time grappling with that. And it's been crazy because there's two sides that think it's going to be MAGA Studios. One side is horrified and one side is stoked. Let's start with the side that's horrified. And I did not intend for that to rhyme where the Access media is already forming their narrative. From Deadline, Paramount Warner Brothers Discovery deal experts say Trump factor will have bearing on EU antitrust process. From Time magazine, an antitrust disaster. Democrats decry path clearing for WBD merger with Trump allied Paramount. From the BBC, how Hollywood and MAGA aligned over Warner Brothers deal. From Rolling Stone, John Oliver isn't excited about his new business daddy at Paramount. From the Citadel of Journalism, The Guardian, CBS News, and CNN staffers fear disaster as Paramount wins Warner Brothers battle. From status, quite frankly, I've never heard of it. CNN braces for Ellison's control. Hold on a minute. You're telling me within the next calendar year we could not only be rid of Steven Colbear and possibly Jimmy Kimmel, but we could also be rid of John Oliver and CNN. Don't get me. So, there does seem to be a lot of concern, including concerns from the adult pretenders. That may sound strangely familiar to you. Any consolidation is always going to ask question about how much power does that one large company hold over what we see and hear. So are we now going to be fed content based on what that business man's political and creative vision is or can art still exist within that framework? What's going to take the president and be the thing that drives the most? And I hope art will continue to be the driver and not politics. >> Isn't that strange that the access media and some adult pretenders are all of a sudden concerned about one giant entity controlling the narrative? Considering the vast majority of cable news, broadcast news, social media, if you go across the pond, all of their media and entertainment apparatus, and Hollywood all lean to one political side. And the only real outliers are Fox, which is the Washington Generals of news, and Elon recently buying Twitter, and look at how people reacted to that. So, it is interesting to see that they want to put art above politics, and they're finally concerned about this when they haven't been in the last forever. Anyway, as far as the people who are happy about this, they are for precisely the reasons that the other side is horrified. And some are floating around that this may be the death of the message. And I would be brilliant, but also pump the brakes a little bit. We'll get into that a little later in the video, but first let's go over the most exciting part of this deal, the financials. Now, I am no financial analyst. There are channels out there that are far more informative and interested in this subject than I am, but I think I can break it down like this. One major Hollywood studio that's massively in debt bought another major Hollywood studio that's massively in debt by outbidding a tech company that's not massively in debt. >> Pretty standard, really. And now they have formed a giant studio that is now massively in debt to the tune of $79 billion. And the only thing that deeply concerns me about all of this is within the consortium of investors are the Saudis. I guess they kind of forgot about never forget. The biggest winner in all of this is David Zazoff and Respect. He tripled Warner Brothers stock in under 7 months and just recently sold $114 million of his stock today. The biggest loser, of course, that's Hollywood. I believe there was a few people out there, maybe even this channel that was saying the strikes from 2023 would have horrific repercussions for the industry, and that's exactly what's happening. So, pat yourself on the back, WGA and the Film Actors Guild, while you're complaining about this deal. You had a lot to do with it. Because, as with all corporate mergers, there will be redundancies and layoffs. You don't need two HR departments. I would argue you don't need one. Well, maybe in Hollywood, you don't need one DEI department, much less two. But getting into the realm of what we cover on this channel, let's see what Paramount will potentially own. They will now control HBO, HBO Max, CNN, CBS, DC Studios, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, Paramount Plus, Nickelodeon, MTV, Showtime, TNT, Comedy Central, Turner Classic Movies, and DC Comics. And I don't think anybody's been covering what's going to happen to DC Comics in this deal other than Wes from Thinking Critical. Give him a sub. great channel because they are completely and totally insignificant. How insignificant? Well, when Netflix was going to buy it, one of the people who works there said the other senior execs I spoke to genuinely didn't know Superman comics still existed. So DC Comics dodged a bullet on that one. And by the way, the DC and DC Comics stands for Detective Comics. So when I say DC Comics, I'm actually saying Detective Comics comics at this point. They should just call it Batman comics. But the bad news is I don't think anything's going to change there. I think they're completely safe for years due to their obscurity. And Superman's son John Kent and Tim Drake Robin are still gay. And as far as the cable channels that Paramount is now in control of, including Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, Comedy Central, I'm guessing half of them are going to be gone in the next 5 years. And of course, there's a lot of sports ball involved in this deal, including one of the most lucrative, soccer. Yeah, you heard me, UK. I said soccer. It's also the thing I'm the least interested in. And then there's gaming, which is the other most lucrative thing. And as you know, I'm a complete expert gamer. Ask any of my friends. And we'll have to talk about that at a later time because we need to discuss the real important stuff. franchises. And what they control is Game of Thrones, The Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter, Star Trek, Mission Impossible, Transformers, The Conjuring, A Quiet Place, Mortal Kombat, Teenage Mutant, Ninja Turtles, Looney Tunes, Tom and Jerry, Beetlejuice, Gremlin, Spongebob Squarepants, Avatar: The Last Airbender, and Dora the Explorer. And in a strange twist of fate to subvert all the subverting of expectations, David Ellison's first project's going to be Dora the Deporter. And while that certainly is an impressive list of intellectual properties, there are problems. We'll start with Game of Thrones, which just had probably the best show of the year, a Night of the Seven Kingdoms, a template on how to reconstruct the hero that Hollywood has deconstructed over the last decade. The only problem is Game of Thrones, while you can make prequels all day, is based on an unfinished book series. And just to check in, it has been 5,269 days since the release of A Dance with Dragons. Finish the book, George. >> A true night always finishes a story. >> In other words, it's not a franchise you can move forward with. Then there's The Lord of the Rings, another franchise you cannot move forward with. Your only option is one you do not have. Warner Brothers Paramount or Parah Warner or Warner Mount or whatever it's going to be called. You can't remake the greatest trilogy of all time, Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings. You can't remake The Hobbit due to its association with MGM, which is now Amazon. And listen, I know it has its flaws, but I still love it. And Warner Brothers, which is now Paramount, doesn't own the rights to the one thing that you could make a lot of good TV and film with, if we lived in another universe where people still remembered how to do that. The Sylmerelion alone can keep you going for decades. Then there's the unfinished tales, the children of Hurin, Baron and Lutheian, and the fall of Numor. Instead, we're going to get the Hunt for Gollum, which sounds like a terrible idea, and of course, I'm going to be there opening day, but it's essentially a story told within a couple of chapters of Fellowship of the Ring, The Shadow of the Past, and the Council of Elron with some information from Appendix B. But again, it's not a franchise you can move forward with because the story has been told unless you do the unthinkable and remake The Lord of the Rings into an HBO series. And of course, they're going to do that. Then there's Harry Potter, which is remaking the movies into a TV series. And if you want to show you mean business David Ellison, recast Snape right now. But once that's done, given it will take a decade. Again, you will not be able to move forward with that. Unless, of course, JK Rowling writes some more books that the people who are against banning books will ban. There's Mission Impossible, and sure, Tom Cruz can probably make those films into his 80s, but it would probably be best as a TV series. The only problem is it would be made in the current era of Hollywood. Paramount hasn't had much luck with the Transformers, but they could take Seth Rogan off Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles like right now. Then there's a show I've been talking a lot about lately on this channel, Starfleet Academy, which is still getting a second season. And although Ellison took control of Paramount on August 7th of 2025, they still completed the filming of season 2 under his watch. And it is without a doubt some of the worst, not just Star Trek, not just science fiction television ever made. It is the very definition of woke garbage. I would argue it's a woke relic. a 2022 time capsule filled with intersectional gobbledegook. You can track the decline of pop culture with Curtsman Trek and it's been going on for almost 10 years. And David Ellison's Sky Dance is partially responsible for it. Let's not forget they produced Jar Jar Abrams Star Trek Into Darkness which was written by Alex Curtsman. So before everybody thinks we're going to get all this based entertainment, we need to keep that in mind. Also, somehow David Ellison let the hit machine Taylor Sheridan walk. I mean, he is the sole reason Paramount Plus is still around. And listen, not all of his shows are perfect, but Lamb Man and Tulsa King are brilliant and they're going to be done by 2028. But the biggest question is with DC Studios and James Gunn, the architect of the DC universe that's been so successful with the news of the merger, people have been constantly questioning his employment status. And who can blame them? Because if Superman was such a big hit, why isn't he getting top billing on his own sequel? Kind of reminds me of the Marvels. Maybe it has something to do with James Gunn launching a DC universe without Batman, Wonder Woman, The Flash, Green Arrow, or even Martian Manhunter. But we did get a lanterns trailer today. Now, why isn't it called Green Lantern? Apparently, it's okay to have a superhero flying around in a glowy green suit who can manifest things like a mallet out of his power ring with willpower, but we draw the line at calling it Green Lantern. And after having seen the trailer, where people are rightly so, confusing it with Lamb or Yellowstone, I think Heavy Spoilers has the best description. I remember growing up and reading Green Lantern comics and thinking, I can't wait to see two guys driving around in a car. It's safe to say it hasn't been the best start for the DCU. We have a cartoon nobody watched. Peacemaker season 2 was hot garbage. Supergirl is the next movie. And despite the fact that I like the character, she ain't moving the needle like I don't know Batman would. And speaking of that, the best thing to come from DC since their last hit, the Joker, is the Penguin series from HBO that James Gunn had nothing to do with. There may be some good news on the horizon, and it comes from John Campia. I have not spoken to James Gunn. Let's be clear. It's going to take about eight months to a year for this deal to finalize. Sometime before the end of the year, James Gunn is going to go to David Zazlav and say, "It's been nice, but there's no way I'm working for those guys, so can you please let me out of my contract?" And I think David Zazzlav will let him out of his contract. He's going to end up back at Marvel and he will become Kevin Feigi's heir parent to take over Marvel after Kevin Feige finally goes. That's That's what I think is gonna happen. >> For the first and only time, I hope John Campia is right. >> So, according to Robert Marett's less informed co-host, James Gunn is going to leave his position as co-studio head to go work under Kevin Feige for a company that fired him. And he's going to leave over principle because we know James Gunn is such an honest and principled guy over some perceived relationship David Ellison has with the presidential administration. Now, we know he doesn't have any principles. But could Alex Kurtzman leave in protest as well, but before you get your hopes up, David Ellison said that James Gun was his guy according to Bloomberg back in October of 2025. But things do change. And hell, there's a chance that the Warner Brothers Paramount deal could fall through and ultimately it would just be WB pocketing $7 billion and then we'd be back to having two separate studios massively in debt. And that's the big takeaway here. Paramount is in debt. Warner Brothers is in debt. Disney is in debt to the tune of about 46.6 billion dollar. Now, I'm a simple man and again, no financial analyst, but that doesn't sound like a very financially stable industry to me. But if the deal does go through, despite David Ellison saying they will not slow down their theatrical releases with Warner Brothers, it's still one less studio. Hollywood has now lost in the last few years MGM, Fox, and Warner Brothers. And let this sink in. In the last couple of years, two major studios, Paramount and Warner Brothers, have been purchased by a production company, Skyance. I believe that's what you call shrinkage. And while we are getting more entertainment this year, and hell, some of it could be potentially good, leading to a box office rebound. What Hollywood needs the most in these difficult times, aside from actually making good entertainment, is people to watch it, paying customers, and there's a lot of work to do there to win people back, considering that Hollywood collectively has been alienating half the country for years. You know, that thing that the access media absolutely refuses to talk about, but remains the biggest problem for Tinsel Town. And now that we're entering awards season, a time where Hollywood used to celebrate itself, and now it's just a minefield. Deep in antiquity, award shows used to get pretty good ratings. But now, the only time people pay attention is when an adult pretender or an award show says or does something stupid. And while this has been talked about a lot, I think it's worth briefly bringing up again because it is a virtue signal gone horribly wrong. John Davidson, a man with Tourette's, was invited to the award show because the film based on his life, I Swear, was up for some awards. Due to his ticks, he unfortunately said some pretty salty things. And all things considered, I thought Michael B. Jordan and Delroy Lindo handled it pretty well. But it's what happened afterwards, which is the big takeaway. The entertainment industry in both the UK and the US loves to preach how they are the champions of empathy and acceptance. And they just had the biggest test of their lives to prove that they knew the meaning of the word empathy and they failed miserably and completely. I'm not going to lie, if I was in the audience at the BAFTAs, I probably would have died of an aneurysm trying to hold in my laughter because sometimes life is just situationally funny. But I can understand why some people wouldn't think it's funny. What I can't understand is why anybody would think this guy did this on purpose and then it devolved in some of the most insane I've seen from Tinsel Town and the UK and on the internet in a long time including people floating out the idea that maybe we should segregate disabled people. And then following that at the end of the NAACP awards Dion Cole made a little joke about it. Before we go, Lord, if there are any white men out here in the audience, Lord, with Tourette's, >> I have asked you to tell them they better read the room tonight, Lord. It might not go the way they think of. Whatever medicine they own, they better double up on it, Lord. Now, some may say it was in bad taste and ill time, but maybe sometimes those are the best time for jokes. And I have no problem with him saying it. Say it all day long. But unfortunately, this is where Hollywood never leers, particularly with all things being equal, which they're not. Theoretically, a joke is just to make people laugh, and there isn't supposed to be any real intent behind it. And remember, I just said theoretically. And when anyone with Tourette's has their ticks, there is no intent behind the words. Meaning, this is the one time the guy should get a pass. In other words, if it's just a joke, that's great. Then all jokes should be okay. And people should also remember it's just Tourette's. I don't think it's fair to single out one group for jokes. I am a firm believer in equal opportunity offending. It's just the latest example of Hollywood hypocrisy on full display for everyone to see. So, while you're going to your award shows, wearing your $250,000 dresses with million-dollar necklaces or $80,000 suits, while telling us plebs how to live and how much you care about the little guy, just know that you prove beyond the shadow of a doubt what everybody generally thinks, that you're full of and in this tumultuous time of the coming AI apocalypse, general industry shrinkage, ticket sales being down between 30 and 40%, the possibility of another strike, company mergers, massive layoffs where you need to win back as many people as possible. My unsolicited advice remains the same. Shut up and create or don't. The choice is up to you. If the whole world showed up on on Putin's doorstep or on Iranian's doorstep or in Washington, it would stop they'll kill a 550 million, however. But the rest of us would survive with a new we have this is time for revolution. >> If you like what you heard, please like, share, and subscribe. If you didn't like what you heard, I thank you for listening this long. I will see you in the next video.