Well, that was quick. Uh, so almost immediately after it came out that Paramount won the bidding war for Warner Brothers, uh, we've got people on X saying that they want to they want Larry Ellison to replace Black Snape in the upcoming HBO series. I don't see that happening, but uh, it doesn't surprise me. A lot of people saying Adam Driver would have been an amazing Snape. And I have to agree with that. I think Adam Driver actually would have been a good Snape, but instead we've got Papa Aidu, who we have not seen yet. We have not seen him at all uh yet. We haven't seen him in costume. We don't know what he's going to look like. We don't know if they're going to try to snape him up a little bit because I I got to tell you, I am I am getting zero Snape vibes from this guy. Nothing uh about him says Se Snape. Uh you know, even outside of skin color like this. He's not Se Snape. He doesn't He doesn't look the part. He doesn't have the No. So, I mean, we'll see. Maybe the makeup, maybe they'll change my mind. I don't know. But, uh yeah, it didn't take long at all. So, we're going to talk about this. Before we get into it any further, please subscribe for more pop culture news, views, and rants. has if you guys like Harry Potter, you like adventure, you like magic, uh check out Crimson Ren. You've still got time. We're going to leave this open for a while for late pledges on Kickstarter. Uh the adventure edition of Crimson Ren, so you can pick up the hardcover book again. Uh beautiful, beautiful art by Joseé Garcia. And we've also got some new perks this time around. We've got uh pins and prints and uh some D20 cards. Uh it's going to be some really good stuff, guys. Uh, also Geeky has her her pin up on Kickstarter as well. That campaign is currently live. This is the raging Geeky Sparkles pin. So, I saw this I saw this on X. Fans urged Larry Ellison to recast Snape and Harry Potter series. Now, this is a Grock overview, but apparently enough people were talking about it and that was one of the first things that came to mind. They're like, "Okay, cool. Now make Snape a white guy again. Uh, make it Adam Driver again." I think Driver would be really good. Again, I don't know where how Papocidu is gonna land as Snape. I have no idea. I know Allan Rickman, those are some huge shoes to fill. Uh, for sure. But, you know, look, let's be real here. They said it was going to be one to one with the books. It's obviously not going to be one to one with the books. Obviously, uh, Snape was described in great detail uh, in the books, his appearance. So, he's a pasty ass lily white dude with a goatee actually. So, Alan Rickman didn't get right either, but but uh yeah, Papaidu, he might be a good actor. Definitely not what I would have imagined for Snape, but you know, maybe maybe Warner Brothers did this because they thought they were getting sold to Netflix and they wanted to get a jump start on that. Uh after Larry Ellison backed his son David's 111 billion dollar bid to acquire Warner Brothers Discovery being out Netflix. The plea hit social media replaced Papa Sidu as Se Snake with Adam Driver. A sidedu cast in December of 2024 drew backlash for not matching the books uh salowskinned. That is an odd word. Salow. You don't hear that very often, right? salowskinned hookednosed description or Alan Rickman's uh films with fans pushing for Adam Driver. Uh production on the HBO series started in summer of 2025 at least in studios and near completion for a 2027 premiere. Um yeah uh nobody knows what he looks like yet as Snape. Now there has been some other outrage with the the design choices. Uh they showed the kids the robes. I guess they're all colorcoded like the Power Rangers or something like it's divide by house and people are like yeah this is I don't know how this is going to be. I don't know. Uh Rabbit Hole says Larry Ellison could fix the Snape casting in the new Harry Potter series of Warner Brothers and immediately went over the public. Uh anyone who thought this was a good idea needs to be exiled. And uh there were rumors last year and we covered it last year. We we made sure that we uh disclaimed it as a rumor, but the rumor was Papa Sidu might be stepping down or getting recast because he had issues. It wasn't um the backlash per se, but it was the issues that uh you know he had with JK Rowling because he did sign remember he signed that uh whatever statement and and he was against JK Rowling all that. I'm like well it's kind of hard to sign a paper like that and take a check from her. I'm just I'm just saying it's very weird. But uh yeah, I don't know. Morgan Ross says, "Dude, they're almost finished filming the first season." Papaidu has probably filmed all his scenes already. Yeah, we haven't seen him, though. We've seen pretty much everybody else, right? Most most people. We've seen Double Door, we've seen the kids, we've seen Hagrid. Uh now, to be fair, Snape is probably in Hogwarts, you know, most of the time. So, we're not, you know, but it's it's kind of weird we haven't seen him. He's Snape in this series whether you like it or not. Adam Driver is literally perfect casting. I actually do agree these studios will be swimming in money if they just listen to the fans. Adam Driver not being cast as Snape is actually criminal. Uh no one will ever be better than Alan Rickman. That yeah I mean Rickman was I mean he definitely owned the the character but even then like his version of Snape was a little bit different the book. He was older and he didn't have the goatee or whatever. But when you think of Snape, you think of you think of Alan Rickman. RIP. Always the same stupid comments. Get over it. The studio has been cast and the first season's almost finished filming. Just stop with the comments. Agreed. Get Nicholas Halt as Snape. Yeah, that's actually not bad either. But uh it's much funnier to watch a black man harassing a white boy all because he loved his mom and was jealous of his dad. Ah uh seriously, it's time to move on. Just enjoy the show. I can't wait. Why stop there when we could have Kiana Reeves as Snape? There we go, guys. He could be Dumbledore. I mean, hey, if they can cast if they can cast John Lithgal as Dumbledore, we can get Keanu Reeves as Snape, right? Um, I'm to the point where if they race, gender ban, or turn straight characters gay, I'll just skip whatever it is altogether. I a lot of people are kind of feeling that. I think the general public doesn't doesn't understand that there will be changes to this. They're like, "Oh, they're going to reboot Harry Potter." So, and it's going to be one to one with the books. Okay. I don't think they understand that they are going to make changes to it. I mean, it doesn't mean it's going to be bad. I It feels unnecessary, but uh you know, we'll see. We'll see. The The only glimmer of hope I have for this one is that the people behind it did his dark materials, which also did some race swapping. But the show was good. The show was really damn good. Uh it was a very good adaptation of the books, I thought. Uh I read the books. I love the books. Um, yeah. So, I mean, we'll see. We'll see what happens, but it will be interesting to see if there is like an Ellison effect just in general because I know DC Comics people have got to be freaking the hell out right now because the worstc case scenario for them was Trump's besties get a hold of DC Comics. They're getting a hold of Cartoon Network. They're getting a hold of HBO. They're getting a hold of CNN. And I can almost guarantee something is going to happen at DC Comics. Like I do not see DC Comics remaining intact as it is or DC Comics being a comic book publisher, a magazine publisher in 2026. Uh I could totally see them just outsourcing. Now I'm terrified since Paramount has has deals with IDW that they would outsource DC Comics to IDW. That would be the biggest shitow in comics. Can you imagine? Like Heterontos would have control of all the DC characters. I think it'd be like oh my god. Um but I do have to wonder if there isn't going to be an Ellison effect which is they're going to mandate this is what these characters are like. This is who they are. This is who Superman is. This is who Batman is. Wonder Woman. Um this is who Tim Drake is. And you're not going to deviate from that because we want to sell these characters to a mainstream audience. And also, I'm pretty sure the Ellison's are getting some uh Saudi funding, too. Yeah, they're not going to like all the gay characters in DC comics. I'm just saying. So, I I do expect some changes. It would be really interesting if they're like, "Yeah, last like 10 years at DC." Yeah, it just never happened. It never happened. We're just going to go back. Just make make Tim Drake straight. I mean, seriously, can you make Tim Drake straight? There's nothing in the history of that character to indicate he was gay ever. That's nothing against gay people. I'm g be very clear. It's just like why did you do that other than to do it, right? You know what I'm saying? Like same with Iceman. Why did you do that other than to do it? And that has to end. Somebody has to be in charge at these companies and say this is who the characters are. This is the line in the sand. You can get, you know, right up against it. maybe push these characters in some direction, but you're not going to take 30, 40 years of history, throw it out the window just because you want to write a fanfic, right? So, we'll see. We'll see what happens. I don't think he's going to be recast personally, but um it's uh yeah, that's not going to go well either. Here here's the thing with the um the casting of you know Papacito uh casting of Black Guy in the role of Snape a very high-profile role is that like where do people land on this? Because it's like on one hand you know you got some Netflix casting going on. On the other hand they all hate JK Rowling right because they think she's a trans phobe. So, it's it's like I mean, you want to be supportive of them having a black man as Snape, right? You want to be supportive of that, but also you don't want to give her money. So, it's going to be very it's going to be very interesting to see how this goes down with either side. Um, but, you know, I do believe 100% that the Ellison's are going to have whether you love them or hate them, they're going to have an effect on all these brands because they're going to be very I don't say it, they're more right leaning. They're going to be more right-leaning, more general audience, and they also got to appease the Saudis, I guess, too. So, it's it's going to be interesting to see what happens. I'm going to wrap this up. Please subscribe. We'll talk later.