Never before has any voice uttered the words of that tongue here in Imladras. >> Do not ask your pardon, Master Eron, for the black speech of Muldor may yet be heard in every corner of the West. nerdotic.com and you over 1 million men and women of the west and the 40% who haven't subscribed yet. Not a year goes by without some hack writer from the access media or hack academic attacking our beloved professor John Ronald Rule Tolken and this year is no different from the Telegraph student shall not pass unless they accept Lord of the Rings is offensive. University course suggests Tolken's treatment of evil characters follows a tradition of anti-African antipathy. That's AAA to you and me. Generally, academics and activists, and quite frankly, I don't know the difference between the two, so we'll just call them people who don't like to have fun and people who are no fun to be around hate Lord of the Rings. And the attacks on Tolken go back to the times when he was alive. But in recent times, it was made demonstrabably worse by Amazon. You know, the company that started out selling books when its owner, Jeff Bezos, decided he wanted to make his own Game of Thrones and bought Lord of the Rings, which is funny because right now Game of Thrones along with Harry Potter, DC Comics, and the core part of Lord of the Rings that Jeff Bezos actually wants is potentially for sale. Anyway, Jeff Bezos's The Rings of Power, you know, the billion-dollar disaster and failure that's basically a vanity project right now, gave the activists absolutely everything they wanted. Unfortunately, there weren't enough of them to watch, but it did stir the conversation back up again. 5 years ago, I made a video called They Are Coming for Lord of the Rings, and it was a simple warning that the same thing we've seen happen to Star Wars, Star Trek, and Doctor Who was going to happen to the professor's secondary world because the activists have been circling this mythology for a long time. And once they sunk their teeth into it with the help of their Hollywood corporate overlords, if anyone didn't like it, well, they were the problem. Particularly the readers of Tolken, who wanted to see the professor's work adapted authentically. And in their infinite wisdom, the creators of the show decided to make the fans of Lord of the Rings, The Hobbit, the Sylmerelion, and all the works of Professor Tolken the enemy. responding to the backlash they absolutely knew they were going to get. Rings a power producer and bad reboot reject Lindsey Weber famously said, "It felt only natural to us that an adaptation of Tolken's work would reflect what the world actually looks like." >> Go back to the book. Go back to the book. Go back to the book first. completely ignoring the fact that Amazon paid $250 million to get access to a built-in audience that really enjoyed a world meticulously built by JRR Tolken and what he thought it actually looked like. Showrunners JD Payne and Patrick Mccay also responding to the backlash called the fans patently evil to dwarf of color actress Sophia Nvidi stating that her role and the rings of power are a necessary redress of balance in Tolken. Everyone was cast because they were the absolute best person for the role and to be part of a redress of balance within this world um is an honor. >> And the rest is history and by all accounts the subversive work that is the rings of power should have been cancelled. But the only reason it's still around is so Jeff Bezos won't be embarrassed. I would argue continuing to make it is more embarrassing. And of course, there's all the access media articles and academic research. From racially stereotyping in the works of Tolken to a new Lord of the Rings prequel quietly confronts an uncomfortable legacy, how Amazon's the Rings of Power prequel grapples with the deeply ingrained ideas of racial difference and racial determinism in JRR Tolken's world. Or the infamous Dear Tolken fans, black people exist. And who can forget this book published in 2022, Tolken, Race and Racism in Middle Earth by Robert Stewart. Well, apparently everybody forgot about it considering it only has three reviews on Amazon and it's sitting at a 2.6 and it costs $9343 or going back to 2002 from the Guardian. Wraiths and Race, what with the dark skin, broad faces, and dreadlocks. It's a wonder Tolken didn't give his baddies a natural sense of rhythm, says John yet. examining Middleear's suspect racial undertones where he states multiple paragraphs down perhaps I better come out and say it the Lord of the Rings is racist. So this is nothing new under the two lamps, the two trees or the son of Arda. But this one takes it a step further because it's an actual course at the University of Nottingham. And that course comes off as an exploration of the actions of Robin Hood from the perspective of the sheriff of Nottingham. call off Christmas once again from the Telegram. And we got to give them a little credit here on this headline. Student shall not pass unless they accept Lord of the Rings as offensive. University course suggests Tolken's treatment of evil characters follows a tradition of anti-African antipathy. A university is teaching students that JRR Tolken demonizes people of color in the Lord of the Rings books. A history module called decolonizing Tolken and others taught at the University of Nodtingham uses a text that says orcs and other dark-kinned characters in the trilogy are the victims of ethnic chauvinism. >> No offense, but it sounds like some  commie gobbledygook. >> Dr. Onka Nubia, a historian and writer who leads the module, who's made plenty appearances on the BBC, and has put forth the narrative that medieval England had towns and cities as diverse as modern London, which is absurd, argues that eastern races in the fictional realm of Middle Earth are depicted as evil, while fairkinned peoples of the West aren't shown as virtuous. I mean, except for all the fairskinned peoples who weren't so virtuous, like dwarves who were not evil but could be famous like the petty dwarf Mim who betrayed Turin or the dwarves that killed Thingal. And yes, despite what Amazon and their paid shills will say about dwarves, generally they're considered fair yet ruddy. And as far as elves are concerned, there's Feyenor, whose actions led to the burning of the ships, and the kinslang, which was the first time elves killed other elves. the sons of Feyenor who killed a lot of elves or Mglin who betrayed Gondolind to Morgoth. Then there's the men of the west. Where do I even start? Maybe with the Numanorans who were sacrificing humans to Morgoth. The black Numanorans. And no, they weren't black and they were deep in the past oppressive rulers of realms like Umbar and Harad. Put simply, it wasn't black and white. There was a lot of moral complexity to Tolken's works, and not every fairskinned character was virtuous, and that's just scratching the surface. Now, obviously, I'm no Tolken scholar or expert. I'm just a fan. But imagine if a real scholar or even a hardcore lorehead took this clown's course. It'd be hilarious. In reference to decolonizing Tolken in academia, decolonizing usually means re-examining or moving away from white western viewpoints. So let me get this straight. Dr. Ona Nubia, you want to move away from the white western viewpoint of Professor John Ronald Rule Tolken, an Englishman who wanted to write a mythology for England from his English viewpoint. I mean, by all means, move away from it. But why would you want to waste your time doing that? Well, because it's not about re-examining or decolonizing. It's about deconstructing. to state the obvious because somehow the academics got it in their brains that you can fight discrimination with discrimination. But it doesn't end there. In the module's core text, Dr. Ona writes that maligned peoples include Easterlings, Southerns, and men from Harad. The trilogy also features the dark-skinned orcs, evil creatures that do the bidding of Sauron, known as the dark lord. Now, the article says the trilogy, and I certainly hope you're not talking about the Peter Jackson films as much as they are the greatest trilogy ever made, they are not the most accurate adaptation of the professor's work. So, are you just focusing on the Lord of the Rings books, leaving out The Hobbit, the Sylmerelion, the Children of Hurin, The Fall of Gondolind, The Lost Tales, etc. Yes, armies of Easterlings and Harad fought for Sauron. And yes, their complexions matched the regions they lived in because Tolken accounted for that. You know who also fought for Sauron? The affforementioned fair race of the Num Manorans, some of whom became the Nausegoul. But as far as orcs are concerned, they're creatures who are humanoid but not human with mostly salow skin. So I don't care what background you're from. If you see them as black people, you told on yourself. The orcs/goblins were created by Morgoth/Melor as a mockery of the elves who were created along with everything else by the one true god Eruar who are described by JRR Tolken in the often cited for multiple reasons letter 210 a letter discussing a film treatment to Forest Jri. They are or were squat broad flatnse salowskinned with wide mouths and slant eyes. in fact degraded and repulsive versions of the two Europeans least lovely Mongol types. Now the important bit there before he says Mongols is two Europeans that is Tolken acknowledging that that wasn't probably the nicest thing. So if anybody has a beef, it's the Asians. But if we're going to be judging things from history and we're going to say Mongol, that would be from Mongolia, say Genghask Khan, which means about.5% of the male population of planet Earth could be offended by that remark. >> Problem with is Genghis was like a big murderer. >> He was quite he was a bit murder. >> 34 million. There's another problem as well. They call it rapey. a remark made in 1958. Many will make that the underlying thesis of Tolken and all of his works being racist, but that is the deliberately disingenuous argument you will get from modern academics, particularly when it comes to Tolken. Judging a man's perspective from the early to mid 20th century that was completely acceptable, by the way, on modern-day standards and having to dig to find something while completely ignoring all the times that J.R. Tolken said he was against things like racial doctrine and those national socialists. But the professor shouldn't feel alone because Dr. Ona Nubia also went after CS Lewis Milton and Shakespeare. But again, this is just the latest salvo against the good professor from the disingenuous and evil academics. But this reminds me of the worst case of betrayal, the Tolken Society. hearkening back to their seminar in 2021, coincidentally a year before the Rings of Power came out. So, I'm sure this was totally a coincidence that they had seminars like this. Gondor and Transition, a brief introduction to transgender realities in the Lord of the Rings. Not sure how they managed to get a 30-minute seminar out of something that wasn't a reality anywhere within the works of the devout Catholic professor. >> What is this, you devilry? And yes, these are real from the real Tolken Society, an educational charity and literary society devoted to the study and promotion of the life and works of the author established in 1969. >> But wait, there's more. The problem of pain portraying physical disability in the fantasy of JRR Tolken, the invisible other Tolken's dwarf women and the feminine lack projecting Indian myths, culture and history onto Tolken's worlds. Philosith, indigenity, identity, and anti-racism. We are atheists, agnostics, and animists. Oh my. Or how about this one? Something mighty queer destabilizing ciseteranormativity in the works of Tolken. What? This might be my favorite. Pardoning Sauron, the queer in Tolken's The Lord of the Rings. For those of you who may or may not know from the books, Saruraman the White later identifies himself as Sauron of many colors, which could be interpreted as wearing a rainbow flag gay. And when he reveals himself, Gandalf's response pretty much sums up everything happening here. For I am Solomon the wise. Solomon of many colors. >> I like white better. White it serves as a beginning. White cloth can be dyed. The white page can be overwritten on the white light can be broken. >> In which case it is no longer white. And he that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom. And let's not forget back in February of 2023, the spectator reported that a unit within prevent, the UK home offic's counter extremism program had drawn up several lists of dangerous books. It claimed that these works could prompt or indict support for the far right or horror of centrist horrors, Brexit. Among the specific works mentioned were novels by titans of English literature, including George Orwell, Joseph Conrad, CS Lewis, and JRR Tolken. So, I'd like to remind everyone who tries to take down this English legend, prolific author, and all-around good human being that the rest of the world does not agree with you, including you, Dr. Ona Nubia. Considering Lord of the Rings has been translated into 57 different languages and has at least 87 translations, it's sold over 150 million copies, making it the third or fourth bestselling book of all time. And if you combine it with The Hobbit, that's 250 million copies. Then there's all the other books and media and of course the films, the Lord of the Rings trilogy and the Hobbit trilogy, which have a combined worldwide gross of 5.875 million without adjusting for inflation. Based on that data alone, which was pretty easy to look up, it appears that despite what some producers at Amazon and angry academics think, any detractors of the professor and his works are in the minuscule minority. But they're not going to stop. and they tell on themselves because when we have a course at the University of Noddingham from the professor's home country called decolonizing Tolken again decolonizing in academia usually means re-examining or moving away from white western viewpoints. This isn't a scholarly study or exploration or even a re-examination. What it is is colonizing Tolken because students of the course in Nodtingham will also learn to repopulate the cannon of British myth and legend. To state the obvious, this isn't about adding to something or building something new. It's about destroying something. Best summed up by the culture explorer on X, and I couldn't have said it better myself. Forget education. This is cultural demolition. The goal isn't to reexamine the past. It's to poison it. to strip stories of their meaning until they become something you're ashamed to love. First, they redefine the words. Then, they rewrite the history. And finally, they tell you what you're allowed to believe. This isn't a debate about orcs. It's a war over who owns your culture. And the key to destroying a culture is problematizing its past. And Lord of the Rings is just one more monument to tear down. And why do they hate Tolken? Well, I don't think I'm breaking any news here. It says conservative values. He was a devout Catholic, a proud Englishman, an anti-modernist, and he had a deep distrust of largecale government values that are antithetical to the ideology of the modern activists and academic. And the timelessness and popularity of this story that will outlast them all serves as a constant reminder that nobody likes their ideas and nobody thinks they're any fun. But Tolken's works and the values they represent is exactly the reason the vast majority of people, including this guy, who is neither Catholic or English, love him. >> erotic.com. >> If you like what you heard, please like, share, and subscribe. If you didn't like what you heard, I thank you for listening this long. I will see you in the next video. Cast it into the fire. Destroy it.