Paramount is not, in my opinion, based on what we've seen up to this point, Paramount's not going to make some like overly far right-wing entertainment. They're just going to make more entertainment that seems more focused on middle America instead of the far left. And so the far left is reacting going, "You're making things for middle America. It's far right propaganda." Like, what are you talking about? You people are [ __ ] broken in the brains, man. >> And land in the lap of Paramount. >> I mean, there there are basically two things happening here. One is that the Ellison's and Paramount needed Warner more. Paramount is a, you know, it's a it's a it's seen in the industry as too small to survive on its own. It's got um, you know, it's got Yellowstone. It's got a couple of properties. They have they have some football. But in this world of these streaming apps, like how many apps are you going to have on your phone? do have Paramount Plus and so there they they felt that they just need Warner, need HBO Max or >> so so forget these clowns for a minute. I just kind of wanted to show you the way that they are approaching it. And let's get a more levelheaded take from the critical drinker who uploaded a video this morning talking about this. Paramount wins. This is huge. This is a huge shift culturally and not for the reasons that the left-wingers are saying either. and call me surely because this story seems to have more twists and turns than an Agatha Christie novel. Just when you thought it was all over, along comes a lastminute play to completely change the game. It seemed like only yesterday I was reporting on the sale of Warner Brothers to Netflix after an intense bidding war with Paramount in a hundred billion dollar mega deal that seemed to signal a shift in the balance of power in Hollywoods. the beginning of the end for both the studio system and the theatrical release model as all the major players were slowly being gobbled up and absorbed into the streaming giants. And it should be noted that this is not just a conservative situation or a Trump administration situation. Everyone was against Netflix getting Warner Brothers. Most Hollywood creatives, most of the actors, everyone seemed to be against Netflix in this situation. Now, of course, the narrative is going to flip because of course you have orange man bad involved in it. But if you go back to when it looked like Netflix was going to get Warner Brothers, everyone was against this politics aside, and that is going to get lost in all of this now because now the whole narrative is flipped that conservatives and Trump own all of entertainment and media now. Interesting how that has suddenly shifted. They had no problem when the left had control of it. But now suddenly, and I don't even think this is conservatives controlling it. This is just someone that doesn't line up with the far leftwing craziness. And so everybody's freaking out. >> But then Paramount took a look at the situation and decided maybe so, sir, but not today. >> And promptly upped their bid to a frankly ludicrous $111 billion. At which point Netflix decided, "Yeah, [ __ ] that, bro. We're out." And just like that, Paramount had pulled victory from the jaws of defeat, seeing off Netflix in an exercise of raw financial power. But what the hell does this even mean for the future of film making, theatrical releases, and the massive slate of IPs and divisions under the Warner Brothers umbrella? Because let's not mince words here. Paramount now control a pretty massive slice of the media landscape. Not just entertainment IPs, movies and TV shows, but news networks as well. What are they going to do with all this power and influence? Well, to answer that question, you should probably consider the man at the top of this particular pyramid, David Ellison, the billionaire owner of Paramount Sky Dance and the son of Larry Ellison, the world's third richest man with a net worth of almost $250 billion. >> [ __ ] Ellison started in the industry by founding Sky Dance Media back in 2006 with nothing more than a little elbow grease, some can do attitude, and yes, a massive infusion of money from his dad's. What can I say, man? Having the world's third richest man as your father probably has a few perks. Anyway, fast forward a couple of decades, and David was keen to expand his business empire. And one quick and efficient way to do that was to buy out the struggling Paramount Pictures, which was the studio equivalent of a fixeruper. It had lots of valuable IPs and networks under its control, but years of bad decisions and corporate restructures meant that it no longer had the resources and confidence to exploit them. That's great and all, but you might think that the FCC would have a thing or two to say about such a huge merger of corporations, especially when it comes to news channels like CBS on the line. Not to worry, though, because as it turns out, David is good pals with the man in the White House. And I kind of like to imagine the conversation played out something like this. What do you want? >> Hey, Don, any chance you could lean on the FCC and get them to approve that Sky Dance merger for me? I sure would appreciate it, buddy. >> I don't know about that, Dave. People might have questions. >> Well, if you could make this happen, I'll fire everyone at CBS and replace them with people who only say nice things about you. >> Consider it done. >> Cheers, bro. And so, approval was granted and the deal went ahead. Paramount became Paramount Sky Dance and David set his sights on his next target. >> Now again, this is what you have to understand. This is why the election uh of 2024, it transcended politics because it was everything everything. This is all goes back to the 2024 election and it shows the power that Donald Trump has. Not just as the president, but Donald Trump as the president has more power than any other person as the president. He just does. >> Warner Brothers, another studio with a shitload of potential and a ton of IPs that it's mostly too stupid or too incompetent to properly exploit. And funnily enough, another news network in need of uh reconfiguring. >> Ohoy there, >> Don. It's me again. Listen, you know how you pulled some strings at the FCC for that Paramount merger? Well, I could use your help again. I'm buying Warner Brothers this time. >> I don't know if I can do this a second time Dave. >> They have CNN. >> We've got a deal. >> The upshot of all this is that I wouldn't expect too many regulatory hurdles for this particular deal. And if you happen to be a big fan of CNN, >> you'll be seeing a lot of changes around here. But what does it mean for the entertainment side of things, which is what we're really interested in here? Well, based on Ellison's previous work as a producer for Sky Dance, it's not difficult to see where his creative sensibilities lie. He's very much an action guy with a heavy leaning towards male-driven properties with traditional heroes. And how can I put this? I don't think he's exactly a big fan of the message. In fact, considering Paramount Plus is rapidly turning into the Taylor Sheridan network, I think it's fair to say this guy sees middle America for what it is, a potentially huge market that's been badly neglected in recent years, mostly by people who absolutely hate them. >> And this right here is the point. This is not some far rightwing by the standard of the left. Anything that's not lunatic left is far rightwing. So according to the left, yes, this is far right-wing propaganda, but according to anybody that's not [ __ ] like people on the far left, this is just it's a shift back to normaly. However, I don't feel like it's going to be completely normal. I think you're still going to see things that you don't like. It's going to bother you, but that's kind of how normal the normal world should be. It it shouldn't be a far rightwing message and a far right-wing narrative. It should just get us back to the middle of the road and because we're so hyper sensitive to so many things with identity politics and all of that, we are going to see these things stand out like a sore thumb. But it will, it is a good movie. It's a net positive for sure. It's just not the net positive that a lot of people maybe are hoping. And it's also not the insanity that the left-wingers are saying either. >> Imagine for a moment if there was a network that catered to their interests. Now, as you can probably surmise, the prospect of a multi-billionaire with conservative leanings merging two of the biggest studios in Hollywood together under his personal control went down about as well as expected with the usual crowds. >> Oh dear. It's a bit scary when you don't have an absolute strangle hold on modern culture and have to compete with other creatives that don't share your particular worldview, isn't it? Pass me the world's smallest violin, will you? I mean, considering Ellison owns Paramount already, his first order of business should have been to nuke Curtsman Trek from orbit, decanonize every show they've ever charted out into the world, and have the entire Secret Hideout team forcibly escorted out of the building. [ __ ] it. You can just buy out their contracts if you have to. It's not like you're short on money. But whatever you do, just get those useless retards out of there. But what about Warner Brothers other IPs like Lord of the Rings, Game of Thrones, Harry Potter, and the entire DCU? Well, I'd be lying if I said I was disappointed they weren't going to fall under Netflix's control. I mean, Jesus, could you even begin to imagine what a Netflix adaptation of Lord of the Rings would look like? We may just have dodged the biggest bullet in entertainment history. wouldn't get too comfortable in that Warner Brothers office if I were you James. That being said, I'm not going to pretend that this is an ideal outcome by any stretch. And I don't particularly love the idea of independent studios merging together into homogeneous mega corporations because let's be honest, it's bad for competition and bad for creativity. But on the other hand, if ever there was a definitive signal that the age of identity politics and the message has come to an end in Hollywood, I think this just might be it. The >> It is. I mean, the shift we have seen in recent years is is pretty incredible. And I think it's going to take still more time for sure for us to really see this because I mean even like Twitter is a perfect example. When Elon bought Twitter, he cleaned house. At least that's what we perceived it. Elon is gonna clean house and and it's going to be this amazing place, yada yada yada. But it's that's not really like it's Twitter is better. Certainly is better, but it's not like the most incredible thing ever. Twitter still has a ton of problems. There's a ton of censorship still on Twitter, and it's still just not what we all hoped it to be. And I think that's what this Paramount thing will ultimately become is going to be something that there's still going to be a ton of problems and people that have high expectations for this to be a MAGA right-wing movement are going to be disappointed. And the people on the left, well, I mean, they're already mentally [ __ ] and they are going to be disappointed no matter what. So, they're going to be they're going to invent this is some right-wing narrative already. So, it really doesn't matter what those freaks think, but then you're going to have people in the middle. And like I said with Twitter, we constantly point out how terrible Twitter is and all the problems. And that's just kind of the nature of the the beast. But Twitter is still better than it was under Jack Dorsey. Even though it has a ton of problems, it's still better. It's not as the gap in between what they were is not what we expected it to be, but it's still better. That's what you're going to get with Paramount. You're going to have people that want this to be so much better than it is. And then you're going to have people so disappointed that they're not going to be able to realize that while this is better, it's not what you wanted, but it's so much better than what came before it. And that's where I think we're going to fall. So, we'll see. >> Great experiment that's decimated pop culture for the past decade is well and truly over. Good [ __ ] riddance. The only question now is when can the age of rebuilding begin. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now. >> Good stuff from the drinker. And of course, we do have uh you know, stuff on Geeks and Gamers about this uh full coverage of everything that's going on because it is a huge story in the world of not just entertainment but pop culture and so many other. This is going to affect everything. For better or for worse, it will affect everything.