Can you believe that it's actually only three weeks ago that we got our first look at Sophie Turner as Lara Croft in her upcoming Tomb Raider TV show? Well, some new images have emerged and are we in for one of those classic bait and switcheroonies? Hi everyone, it's AZ here from Heel Versus Babyface. After a few years of just being out there, finally the Lara Croft TV series from Amazon is getting underway. Three weeks ago, we actually got to see Sophie Turner, who's the casting for Lara Croft. Not my personal favorite. I'll be totally honest with you. I don't think that she really uh exemplifies who Lara is, but that's just an opinion on the internet, so let the slings and arrows fly. But it looked like at least with a costume, they were trying to make her look as much like Lara Croft as possible, and I had to give them props for that. I'm going to shift myself into this corner for a bit so you can get a proper look at Sophie Turner there. But in terms of aesthetic, you know, I think it's pretty darn good. I think it's very um authentic uh to the original Lara back in the 90s. We got the We got the green top. We got the brown shorts, uh gloves, we got the twin strap pistols and braid. I'm pretty sure I can see a braid snuck around there. I probably should have put it across the front for the image, but never mind. And then you've got the uh circular red lensed uh sunglasses uh which were another hallmark of Lara back in those times. So in terms of making Sophie Turner look as much like Lara as she possibly could and well you know barring a breast augmentation that was never going to happen. Uh it was the best that I think that they could do. That said, that this isn't the problem. The problem is Phoebe Waller Bridge who's uh showrunning. Uh I I don't have any love for Phoebe Waller Bridge at all. In actual fact, I think everything that she has touched since Flea Bag has turned to absolute [ __ ] There's no denying that she has a very apparent and blatant feminist agenda. And it's one of those feminazi agendas cuz feminists don't want equality at all. They don't want that in the slightest. Uh and so to have her do Lara Croft and write Lara Croft, I feel that we're not going to get the Lara Croft that we've known from the OG video games. We're going to get Well, I dread to think right now. But with all of that said, I put this tweet out couple of three days ago. bait and switch because we got some more pictures of Sophie Turner as Lara Croft as filming has begun. So, let's have a better look on a few images here. We've got this closeup. You can see that it's raining or sleeping or something like that. You can also see that it doesn't look like they've bothered to dye Sophie Turner's hair to be brunette. She seems to have a distinctive red hair still for Lara Croft. Okay. Uh then we got another image here. You can see again Heavy Rain or Sleet. And then another image here as Lara it looks like has has [clears throat] parachuted down to this location. So why bait and switch? It's not as if Lara Croft can walk around this sort of weather in a tank top and shorts. Okay, this is why when you show off a promotional image like this, to me it says we're taking the character right back to its core. No pun intended. In the '9s ' 90s look with Lara there, and therefore that's the attitude and direction and style that we're we're looking for for this show. Lara, she'sn't going to be this, "Oh my goodness, me. I steal relics and I give them back to their true owners, not bollocks that the modern stuff try to do." No, she's a thrill seeker. She's self-absorbed. She's collecting it for herself. Uh, you know, these relics and all that kind of stuff. That's what we want to see with Lara. Morally ambiguous. Uh, you know, she isn't your friend. uh she's out for numero uno and trust her only as far as you can throw her type of business which makes her a very interesting and complex character which is also what the remake of the original video game which isn't out yet has attempted to do in its first trailer that it revealed. It's saying, "Hey, look. We're making Lara. Look how she used to look. Tits could be bigger. Uh, she's going to do the move set that she used to do. You see the way that she brings her legs over when she does a grab and flip? All that kind of stuff. But all of this can only stand true up until the moment that either the TV show comes out or the video game comes out because then your true intentions in what you try to do and how you portray the characters are going to come through for everybody to see. So, I want to use this window lickers post cuz they thought they were being clever, but they're actually just proving my point. She looks to be in a cold climate, so of course she's going to dress for the weather. Every time you say stupidityy dupity [ __ ] like this, it makes any real complaints ring hollow. They then show the outfit, which Sophie Turner is pretty much wearing from the imagery. Slightly different, but pretty much, you know, uh like a a body body warmer, uh long sleeved and long legs, blah blah. So essentially the same from Tomb Raider Underworld. Tomb Raider Underworld, one of the worst Tomb Raider games that they ever released. And if we were to rank the Tomb Raider games by their sales numbers, you'll see that Tomb Raider Underworld came in at 9 out of 12, right down at the bottom there with about 2.62 to 3.8 million sales. Significantly lower than the number eight, which has 5 plus million. And then of course we get 6, 6.4, four, seven, seven to eight, nearly nine, and then we get the nearly 12 and the 14 and a half from the rebooted trilogy in the early 201s. So when you are initially displaying OG Lara and then one of the first images that well the first image that you want to bring of her in your TV show is her essentially dressed up like Tomb Raider Underworld Lara from that pretty poor game which it was. That's called a bait and switch. And then because the window licker doesn't understand the point I'm making, goes and actually posts something that we would most likely probably prefer her to see in because it would be saying to us, "This is OG Lara. This is rooted in OG [clears throat] Lara's attitude and lore and where we want to take the series cuz she's in a white camo snow pants and a arctic top here. So, if she's landing and then [clears throat] heading into the snow, that's what I'd love to have seen her in something which is again linked to the original stuff, not the crap mid 2000s bollocks. But it's not as if the weather looked that bad. And if she isn't heading directly into the snow, so you don't want the Arctic outfit, then put her in something like the blue camo long pants and put her iconic bomber jacket on. It ain't rocket science to me. So that's why I'm saying bait and switch because I don't know what Lara we're intending to get. Are we meant to be getting the OG Lara that the promotional image showed off, or are we going to get the shitty mid 2000s Lara and that very, very mediocre run of games which saw her having to get complete and utterly rebooted in 2013? Which are we going to get? And just in case you don't know what bait and switch actually [ __ ] means, it means the advertisement of goods with the intention of substituting inferior goods. And I would definitely say the '9s Lara and the mid 2000s Lara is a substitution of inferior goods because it's never as if a TV show's done that to us before now, is it? [music] First [ __ ] episode. Just saying. Now, I know it's just a few images from a singular scene which is being shot, but it's more of a statement of intent. This is what you wanted to get out into the public. And Lara has many iconic suits from the original Tomb Raider game. Her classic outfit, the Arctic outfit, the wet suit, the the black outfit, the cargo pants, all that kind of stuff. They had plenty of choices to even mix and match. Uh, but decided to go with an outfit from a pretty shitty game from 2008 which really spelt the end for Lara Croft for half a decade. Uh, yeah, that's an interesting play. But there's more problems here. I mean, I actually think the the lack of dying of Sophie Turner's hair says a lot. I don't think Sophie Turner is a particularly good actress. I thought she was okay at times in Game of Thrones and pretty bad uh in Game of Thrones and in the X-Men franchise. I thought she was appalling. Yeah, let's just say I don't think she's got the chops to carry off Lara Croft. But more importantly is Phoebe Wall Bridge. Uh I'm not going to pretend that I've had faith in her cuz I never have. I don't think she's any good. I I think [clears throat] Flea Bag was certainly her remit, but th this what, you know, the Indiana Jones and the James Bond and stuff like that, which she's got herself involved with, that's that's no, that doesn't fit her in the slightest. And I think we're going to see Lara Croft turned from this great fem fatal character just into an insufferable [ __ ] because that's the only way feminazis like Phoebe Wallbridge know how to write. and insufferable is the key word here. Yeah, it's going to be interesting to see what happens when more imagery is linked uh particularly locationwise and how we see Lara. Not keeping my hopes up by any stretch in the imagination and I'm certainly not crossing anything because it's their own money. They can burn it as far as I'm concerned. I'll see you in the next video. You take care. Goodbye, Blue Boo. [music] >> [music] >> Heat.