Well, I never thought I would see this day. The Walt Disney Company and Open AI reached landmark agreement of $1 billion to bring the beloved characters from across Disney's brands to Sora, including Star Wars. As part of this threeyear licensing agreement, Sora will be able to generate short user-prompted social videos that can be viewed and shared by fans drawing on more than 200 Disney, Marvel, Pixar, and Star Wars characters. Agreement will make a selection of these fan-inspired Sora short form videos available to stream on Disney Plus. Disney and Open AI affirm a shared commitment to responsible use of AI that projects the safety of users and the rights of creators. Alongside the licensing agreement, Disney will become a major customer of Open AI using its APIs to build new products, tools, and experiences, including for Disney Plus and deploying Chat GPT for its employees. As part of the agreement, Disney will make a $1 billion equity investment to Open AI and receive warrants to purchase additional equity. The Walt Disney Company and OpenAI have reached an agreement for Disney to become the first major content licensing partner on Sora, Open AAI's short form generative AI video platform, bringing these leaders in creativity and innovation together to unlock new possibilities in imaginative storytelling. As part of this new three-year licensing agreement, Sora will be able to generate short userprompted social videos that can be viewed and shared by fans drawing from a set of more than 200 animated masked and creature characters from Disney, Marvel, Pixar, and Star Wars, including costumes, props, vehicles, and iconic environments. In addition, chat GPT images will be able to turn a few words by the user into fully generated images in seconds, drawing from the same intellectual property. The agreement does not include any talent likenesses or voices. So, they're protecting the voice actors and the actors, and that's great. Alongside the licensing agreement, Disney will become a major customer of Open AI, using its APIs to build new products, tools, and blah blah blah. We've read that as part of the agreement, Disney will make a 1 billion just repeating themselves twice here now. So this is actually quite amazing. And what I think could be happening here is that you know Skywalker stories, Star Wars Tales Untold, Film at Crossroads, these leaders on the YouTube AI film space will most likely have to subscribe to Sora AI to have great stuff made. And they get full access to, you know, well, not full access, but they get access to Star Wars characters. They're going to create better stories using AI, using Sora AI, which is now licensed, licensing the characters that Disney has, mainly Star Wars we're talking about in this case. And they will probably have a I don't know what the subscription fee will be, but they'll now be what I think, in my opinion, is going to be legally okay for these content creators to be making AI Star Wars material. And is that what seems to be right here? because it says user generated socials. People can make this stuff and it's now going to be licensed as well on chat GBT. So with a few word prompts, you can type in Anakin, I don't know, at the playground. That's a dangerous idea. This is actually I didn't think that they would go this way, but at the end of the day, they probably see that look, we can't stop these people from making these insanely realistic looking AI Star Wars videos, right? And I've reacted to a majority of them, and I am blown away by them. And I'm sure the people at Disney are blown away by them. They're like, "Look, kids are making this for maybe like a grand. What if we partner with actually Sora AI, we license it to them, and then now we'll probably they'll probably have something in the agreement when you sign up for Sora AI that if you create anything with these IPs, with these characters, yes, we'll let you use them and create stuff, but at the end of the day, we own it." So they could take people's YouTube videos, let's say, and put it on Disney Plus or copyright their videos if they don't like it or whatever. I don't know how it's going to work, but this is huge. The fact that they've partnered with it because they recognize that it is so big and it's just going to get bigger and bigger and bigger. And I mean, these views that these guys are doing are in the hundreds of thousands. And this is only now. This is only the last few months that really these AI videos have really started to look quite realistic. Before then, it just did look like AI slot for the most part. But then we started incorporating the mouths moving. Then it just became crystal clear and that there was shading and lighting and things became really realistic. I mean, there are some of the latest ones that are out there that are absolutely phenomenally insane. For example, this is AI, guys. >> How are your injuries feeling today? [music] >> Painful. >> This is AI. Would you like me to administer an >> than any other except >> this is where it's going and this is only now and this has advanced in the last couple months to this level. So it's only going to get more and more insane. Disney recognizes that and they're going to capitalize on it. They say, "Okay, you know what? People want to use this. Fine, use it. We're now going to license it to these companies that are creating the software or fans to create this kind of stuff. So, at the end of the day, you now have to pay a royalty to us essentially through your subscription fee, which we're going to get from these companies that you sign up for. And then we also own it, too. I think it's a win-win for everybody, and they're playing the smart game. And it just creates less headache, less trouble, and at the end of the day, it's just more and more hype for Star Wars, which at the end of the day helps Disney's pocket. If I create a fan film that is extremely wellreceived, people are going to go out and they're going to purchase a Darth Vader t-shirt. They're going to purchase a Darth Vader mug. They're going to purchase whatever to do with Star Wars and Darth Vader because at the end of the day, maybe you don't like the sequel stuff or the Disney stuff, but they still own all of it, including the prequel trilogy, including the original trilogy, all of it, the books, everything. So, at the end of the day, it's money in their pocket, and they're being smart about it. The future of AI is here. Disney has just invested a billion dollars into it. And now content creators are going to have an absolute laugh at making some crazy Star Wars stuff. At least that's what I think. And if if I'm reading this wrong, then I'll have to make a follow-up video. But for now, that's what I am gathering from this. And that's what the consensus is around the internet. Technological innovation has continually shaped the evolution of entertainment, bringing with it new ways to create and share great stories with the world, said Bob Iger, CEO of the Walt Disney Company. The rapid advancement of AI marks an important moment for our industry. And through this collaboration with Open AI, we will thoughtfully and responsibly extend the reach of our storytelling through generative AI while respecting and protecting creators and their works. Bringing together Disney's iconic stories and characters with OpenAI's groundbreaking technology puts imagination and creativity directly into the hands of Disney's fans in ways we've never seen before, giving them richer and more personal ways to connect with the Disney characters and stories they love. This is crazy. >> They know your power will be too strong to control. >> Wow. Disney is the global gold standard for storytelling, and we're excited to partner to allow Sora and Chat GPT images to expand the way people create and experience great content. Sam Alman, co-founder of CEO and Open AI. This agreement shows how AI companies and creative leaders can work together responsibly to promote innovation that benefits society, respect the importance of creativity, and help works reach advanced new audiences. Guys, this is a huge move from both companies. Disney has accepted what is actually they have seen the AI stuff on YouTube, no doubt, and they're like, "We need to jump on this now before it gets out of hand. >> We must move quickly. The Jedi are relentless." >> And they're essentially saying, "Go, go ahead, make it. By all means, go have fun with it. Please make our brand look even better cuz we're not doing the best job with it. you guys, you fans want to create what you want to create. We want you to create stuff, which is a total 180 on their end. Whereas before they were like, "No, it's all ours. We can't. You can't do anything. This this is our story. This, no, now you want to create stuff." Okay, cool. But you know what? You're going to pay us a subscription fee every single month. And at the end of the day, we own it. And if we want to put it on Disney Plus, we can. Pretty wild. Let me know what you guys think about this. Let me know what you think about AI in general and how you think this is going to be used for the future. Good, bad, why. Love you guys. I'll see you in the next one. May the force be with you. [music] Now fulfill your destiny.