Ever have a movie experience so epic that you just know you're never going to see anything quite like it again? Like you'll never quite reach that same emotional high you felt in that special moment? Well, probably not so much in recent years, but by golly, there was once a time when going to a movie theater meant a chance to experience pure magic and wonder on the biggest screen imaginable. And I don't think any movies captured that feeling quite like The Lord of the Rings, Peter Jackson's Magnum Opus, the epic trilogy to end all trilogies, the apex of big budget Hollywood filmm balanced out by mature storytelling and an abiding respect for the source material instead of some narcissistic filmmaker determined to put their own stamp on it. Films that would be literally impossible to make at any other time before or since. And because the trilogy is getting its 25th anniversary re-release, oh my god, I'm old. People have been taking to social media and sharing some of their favorite moments and scenes that have stuck with them for the past quarter of a century. And well, I felt like it's damn well time I chimed in with mine because it's all too easy to spend your days bitching and moaning about the state of modern entertainment here on YouTube. Rightly so in most cases, but it's also nice to be reminded once in a while that yes, movies and TV shows can conjure up some pretty [ __ ] incredible experiences. And well, this right here is mine. [screaming] >> This may be one of the greatest and most epic scenes not just in the Lord of the Rings trilogy, not just in fantasy, but in all of cinema. It is [ __ ] perfection. the buildup, the stakes, the character moments, the choreography, the soundtrack, the culmination of every story thread and character arc and decision that's been woven throughout the whole movie. This is payoff on the grandest scale imaginable. And watching this moment unfold in a cinema screen 24 years ago was an experience that will stay with me for the rest of my life. And so I want to try to explain why I think it works so well. Because a great scene is more than just what happens in that one moment. It's everything that led up to it. everyone involved in it, everything it means for the wider story. So, let us explore it together, shall we? First, the setup. The scene takes place at the culmination of the battle of Helm's Deep at the end of the Two Towers, which by the way is my favorite battle of the trilogy, but that's a story for another day. Anyway, the forces of Rohan, led by King Theodin, are under siege by an army of Urukhai sent by Saraman to wipe them out. With most of their horsemen dispersed across the country, Theodin has no choice but to lead his depleted forces to the fortress of Helms Deep, which should at least give them a fighting chance against the vastly superior army. As Aragorn and the others head to the refuge, Gandalf leaves in search of Aamir, who led most of his men away after being dismissed by Worm Tongue. It's established very clearly that Theodan and his men are completely outclassed in this battle. Their army consists mostly of old men and boys conscripted into service, hastily armed with ancient weapons and dented armor. Relics of past wars barely fit for purpose. Now they know there's no real hope of victory. All they can really do is hold out as long as possible and hope that Gandalf can get to them in time. On the other hand, there's the army of Urukai. Massive, powerful, overwhelming in number, and composed of the biggest, strongest, and most fearless orcs the world has ever seen. an enemy that burns and destroys everything in its path. That doesn't care about casualties and absolutely won't stop until it achieves its mission. This isn't an army of invasion or conquest. It's an army of annihilation. If Helm's Deep falls, Rohan will die. As far as stakes go, it doesn't get much higher than that. Secondly, the characters. Theodan is a man with the weight of the world resting on his shoulders. an old king in his twilight years whose mind was slowly poisoned by his chief adviser who allowed his kingdom to fall into decline and his armies to fade away. Whose own son was killed in the fighting without him even knowing about it. A man who was barely saved by Gandalf who wakes up at last only to find his country under siege and the fate of his people balanced on a knife edge. He knows that his time is almost up, that this might be his last battle, but he's determined to go down fighting. Balancing him out is Aragorn, a man who struggled to lead the fellowship ever since Gandalf fell in Moria, whose every decision seems to have led to disaster, and who barely even made it here himself. Just as this could be Theodin's last battle, it's also Aragorn's first. He's never led an army into battle before. He's never commanded troops or issued orders, but even he knows that their position is almost hopeless. Again, though, just like Theodin, he's resolved to fight until the bitter ends. >> Then I shall die as one of them. Thirdly, there's the battle itself. The Urukai throw themselves against the fortress like a wave. This isn't a carefully coordinated assault with precise maneuvering and tactical deployments. It is a brute force sledgehammer attack that relies on two things. Overwhelming power and sheer weight of numbers. JRR Tolken lived through the horrors of the First World War. And he saw for himself the human wave attacks that sacrificed hundreds of thousands of lives to gain a few miles of territory. And this battle is a perfect reflection of that. Bit by bit, the exhausted and wounded defenders are forced back into the citadel. The orcs have taken thousands of casualties by this point, but it doesn't matter to them. They don't care about losses. All they care about is victory, and it's almost in their grasp. >> What can men do against such reckless hate? >> This is an enemy the likes of which Theodin and his people have never faced before. An army that will not stop, that can't be daunted and won't show them any mercy. A relentless machine of war that even human courage can't stand against. With all hope seemingly lost, Aragorn suggests one last suicidal charge, trying to buy time for the women and children to escape, knowing they won't make it far, but determined to try anyway. >> Ride out and meet them >> for death and glory for Rohan. You know, people often point to Theodin's speech at the Battle of the Pelenor Fields as the best one of the trilogy, but for me, it's this one right here. >> Fell deeds awake. >> Now for wrath, now for ruin and the Red Dawn. >> It's not eloquent or heroic. It doesn't inspire thoughts of victory. It's the last words of a man facing the end, knowing there'll be no one left to sing songs about him when it's all over. A man whose only goal now is to fight and die. >> And fight they do. Their charge carrying them all the way down the causeway into the very heart of the enemy army where they're sure to be overwhelmed and wiped out in a matter of seconds. That's when it finally happens. The thing Aragorn had pinned all his hopes on. The thing we as the audience had all but forgotten about in the chaos and disasters of the battle. [ __ ] yeah, bro. And so we come down to it at last. Gandalf arriving at the last moment to save the day. With the sun rising behind him, Aomir and his men ride into the aid of their king. And between them, an army of orcs, battered and depleted after a whole night of bloody carnage, but still very much in the fight and determined to win at any cost. Even now, the situation seems hopeless. The music you're hearing in this moment isn't triumphant, it's tragic. It's preparing you for a brave but futile last stand. The riders of Rohan seem to be charging straight into a wall of spears, hurling themselves towards certain death. Horses, swords, and human courage thrown helplessly against a machine of war. And I say machine because that's exactly what they're up against. Pay attention to the Urukai here. The way they march in lock step, their brutal industrial looking armor, the sound their boots make as they trample the ground. That is the sound of machinery right there. And it fits in perfectly with the experiences Tolken drew from when he wrote these scenes. World War I was the first truly industrialized war, the first war of mass production, where machinery and technology was more powerful than human courage. It left him with a deep mistrust of technology and industry and the destruction of nature and tradition. And you can see that woven throughout his writing and it's perfectly encapsulated in this scene right here. And at the last second when the two armies are about to clash, it turns out that nature itself lends a helping hand. Again, people point to the ride of the Rahim in Return of the King as their greatest moment in the trilogy. But for me, it's this. This scene takes you on the kind of emotional roller coaster that few other movies have ever been able to match. Even watching it and describing it right here brings a lump to my throat because it's that [ __ ] good. In a trilogy bursting at the seams with poignant, epic, awe inspiring moments, this for me is the greatest one of them all. Even now, a quarter of a century later, this scene still gets to me and I'm very grateful I got to see it when it happens. Anyway, that's all I've got for today.