Christmas, a time of celebration, of giftgiving, of goodwill to all men, and biblical stuff. In this case, the story of David and Goliath, courtesy of Sunrise Animation. Now, I've got to admit, releasing an animated movie the same weekend as Avatar was a bold strategy cotton. Let's see if it pays off for them. But timing issues aside, I went into this one expecting the worst. I mean, it's not like I'm the target audience or anything. And with biblical epics like this, there's a pretty strong chance you're either going to get lost in a narrative more convoluted than a Christopher Nolan movie or bombarded with cringy, over-the-top sermonizing. Weirdly though, neither of those things happened. David was a surprisingly solid and self-aware narrative built around a likable protagonist with some moments of levity that know just when to pull back and let the big dramatic scenes breathe. gorgeous animation and visual design that's up there with some of the best in the industry and a mature and thoughtful story centered around courage, loyalty, faith, and determination. Yeah, at a shade under two hours, it's a bit on the long side, and it does make me wonder if younger kids are going to struggle with it. But I guess if you're going to tell the story properly, it's going to take some time. Speaking of which, let's discuss it, shall we? The plot kicks off with David, a simple farm boy who risks his life one day to protect his flock of sheep from a lion. Word of his courage eventually reaches King Saul, who summons him to his court to become an adviser. But before he's even had a chance to do anything, the king's forced to go to war when a neighboring king invades his territory. The two armies meet on the open battlefield and eventually agree to send a chosen champion to fight for them. The winner of this one fight takes all. Basically, this is where Goliath shows up, a warrior so huge and powerful that nobody's ever beaten him. And naturally, nobody's too keen on fighting him today. insteps David with his slingshot. And well, I think you know where the story goes. What's more interesting in this case, though, is what happens afterwards. As the army marches home victorious, the years pass and David grows from a boy into a man. King Saul becomes jealous when he realizes David is the true king who's been prophesized to replace him. And naturally, he doesn't take it too well. But while he's preoccupied with hunting David down, his enemies move in secret to take advantage of the chaos and finish what they started years earlier. Now, condensing a long and complex biblical narrative like this into cinematic format that will keep the main events of the story intact, but also be entertaining enough to keep families with kids engaged is no easy task. And I think that's what impressed me most about David. I'm hardly a religious scholar here, but I do know when a movie bores the ass off me, and this one managed to avoid it. The fable of David and Goliath has always been that fundamental lesson in brains over brawn. That it's not always the biggest and strongest side that wins, but the one who fights smarter and uses what they have to their advantage. The funny thing is though, most people, including me, don't really know much about what led up to that confrontation, or more importantly, what came afterwards. So, it was actually pretty interesting to have the blanks filled in. I mean, what else was I going to do? Read a book? The tone manages to strike a good balance between light and dark. There's plenty of jokes and quips to keep things moving and stop it all becoming too ponderous and der. And although most of them won't exactly have you rolling in the aisles, it's nice to see movies that are willing to indulge in a bit of playful humor and don't take themselves too seriously. That being said, though, the writers also seem to know when to get out of their own way and let the actual dramatic moments sink in. And believe me, there's plenty of them. It's a movie that doesn't shy away from the complexities and moral challenges that it puts its characters through, and it's not afraid to get into some pretty dark moments at times. In terms of the visuals and art design, I've got no complaints at all. I have no idea how much they spent on this one, but the production values look to be on par with your typical Pixar movie. Detailed and expressive character designs, gorgeous landscape shots, and fluid animation that never felt jarring or janky. In terms of its prospects, I've got no idea how a film like this is going to perform at the box office. As far as family movies go, Zootopia 2 and Wicked for Good, its two biggest competitors, are both pretty much burned out now, but Fire and Ash is just coming out. And well, I don't think David is going to slay that particular Goliath anytime soon. At close to 2 hours, David's not exactly an action-packed thrill ride, and I do wonder if younger kids are going to struggle with the run time. But hey, it's almost an hour and a half shorter than Avatar. So, if you've got a family to entertain and you're in the mood for something that doesn't revolve around blue aliens, well, you could probably do worse than David's. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Gore we