By now, most of you have probably heard of the feminist Frankenstein movie that is currently the largest box office disaster of the year. And now, I know it's only March, but with a budget of 90 million and another 90 million in marketing, this movie is going to lose $150 million. Plus, the entirety of left-wing media is desperately scrambling to blame men and blame, you know, the same old song and dance. the directors out there. People need to really see my movie in the theater, please. The movie a disaster. And uh it it's just another perfect example of get woke, go broke, including the director who literally said she got into directing to own drunk. I'm going to teach Trump by directing terrible movies. I'm not kidding you. Now, Maggie Gyllenhaal is not a good actress. I can't think of a single movie that she was any good in, but uh they released this film. Um Critical Drinker reviewed it as one of the worst movies ever. Uh this probably his his review is probably the final nail in the coffin for The Bride. You know, The Bride has opened as just $7 million domestically. The film is, excuse me, expected to be one of the biggest box office bombs of 2026 with a $90 million budget. And I like you see why movie goers left the bride at the altar. High art monster, but could lose $90 million. But Salon writes Frankenstein needed a woman's touch. Maggie Gyllenhaal, the bride, one of the most classic movies in history, quote unquote, needed a woman's touch. How how' that woman's touch go? It's going to lose $150 million. This on Twitchy Maggie versus Mega Director's severe TDS led to massive box office flop with feminist Frankenstein fail. Actress actor and director Maggie Gyllenhaal's feminist take on Mary Shel's classic Frankenstein is dead at the box office. There's no resurrecting the cinematic corpse. So, where did it go all wrong? Gyllenhaal was interviewed by the New York Times about her new horror film, The Bride. And wouldn't you know that its DOA debut can be blamed on Trump derangement syndrome? Here's her the interview. >> I was thinking about this. >> O, she did not age well. >> Moment because on the one hand, we've had all these interesting, you know, films come out just this year. >> Name one. Chloe Xiao with Hamnet, Lin Ramsay with Die My Love, Kristen Stewart with The Chronology of Water. >> Nobody saw any of those movies, just so we're clear. >> But on the other hand, there's only 8% of films that were made by women. >> We're still trotting out this old chestnut. This We're trotting this old chestnut out still. >> Mhm. And that's a seven-year low >> because maybe they're not good at it. Are there some women that are good at it? Probably. The idea, the very audacity, I mean, we've completely change we've completely changed the award system where uh you have to have x y and z women working on movies. You have to have x y andz women starring in films because they couldn't compete on a level playing field. That's just the honest truth of it at this thing. All right. And still they're complaining. So, we've changed the way that every major film award is announced or is is graded. We changed the way that every major film is financed and funded. We changed the way what films get released. And it's still not enough for these women. >> What do you think that says? >> You suck at it. >> I'm thinking about whether to say this. Say it. I think that um it's fine like when we make little movies cute, you know, or like go make your little movie starts to get dangerous. >> It's 2026, lady. Nobody, and I mean nobody's preventing her from making movies. >> When women have their hands on a lot of money, >> you know what you're saying? you're saying is a tiny percentage, but look at how many of those movies were movies that made an impact. If you've had >> name one, no, name one. Name one female directed film that I don't know made money at the box office this year. Now, certainly there are lots of man male directed films that also failed to be fair. your mouth shut for so long, almost like a geyser, like having your hand on something. Well, when it bursts, it's going to come out really powerfully and with a lot of energy. And I wonder if what's happening culturally is going to Okay, I will say one thing. >> She's in a fantasy world. Nobody is going and paying money to see movies because it was directed by a female. I mean, nobody. journalists might go, but they aren't even paying for it >> about this is gonna is gonna bring like an unstoppable um response, especially from women. I will say, >> yeah, all those women that showed up to see your movie. This is also the Marvel problem. We need more women in Marvel because women aren't watching Marvel movies. So, they cram a bunch of dumb women, female characters that nobody cares about. And then guess what? the the magical female audience never showed up and the females that were showing up for Marvel liked it the way it was. We're still trotting out in 2026 this magical massive female audience that's just seconds away from seeing a movie. This is the biggest lie. Like it is the most hilarious grift in history. >> And I don't know if I've said this out loud before >> again. Maybe I'll get in trouble but >> Oh yeah. say have a bold take about how orange man bad. >> I I actually think that when I really became a director was actually I think the first time um that the morning that Trump was first ELECTED I mean you're joking right? They're they're still trotting out this insanity this like oh orange man bad I'm a director now >> I think I was like I I have a lot more to say >> than I've been saying. >> Oh okay. Let's see. Um let's see the this movie that you directed >> currently stands as the biggest box office disaster of the year and it could hold for the entire year. Well, she showed him President Trump may never recover. If you're unfamiliar with The Bride, here's a trailer plus reaction uh and ratings for the movie going public. Uh if you see, by the way, this trailer uh we can look at some of the comments uh which discussing film has blocked me from. Why does it happen that everyone in Hollywood works on the same subject all at once? Uh new hyperfixation unlocked. best actor of all time. You know, the bride coming for Christian Bale, Frankenstein. Okay, none of these people like dead internet theory is very real. Dead internet theory is very real. That that's all I can say. Like all of these people in the comments talking about how this is probably, you know, such an amazing cinematic masterpiece, they didn't go and see it. None of them went and saw it. Not one. The film is expected. By the way, The Bride debuts with a 54% Rotten Tomato score. Let's actually see how it sits right now. Let's see how it sits right now. Rotten Tomatoes. Let's see if they've even I bet you they're not even showing the bride on the homepage anymore. Nope. Uh, look at Melania. The critics gave it 11%. Fans gave it a 98%. So, hey, maybe the critics, let's just look up The Bride. Okay, maybe the critics, maybe the fans just really loved it. Okay, let's see. The Bride 2026, Christian Bale, Peter Scarsgard. Uh, 57% from critics, 72% from the 12 people that went and saw it. I was actually, to be fair, it's better than I thought it would be. It's better than I thought it would be. Now, the probably the only people that saw it were already super huge mega fans feminists. It was a complete rejection by movie goers. The uh the uh the world around the world this weekend is Maggie Gyllenhaal's $80 million Bride of Frankenstein movie, The Bride, opened at just 13 million. Of that, just 7 million was domestic. not only snapping Warner Brothers nine picture number one opening win streak at the box office but also re repping a bow that was lower than some recent lows for the Burbank lot including last year's disastrous Mickey 17 at 19 million and companion well I guess she sure showed Trump right industry sources not warers believe the loss on the bride could approach $90 million in its first cycle after the home entertainment downstream. Note, it will be a while before the ultimate red ink is realized. Warner Brothers declined a comment about the movie's P&L, which includes $65 million in marketing. Bad timing for a loss as Warner Brothers Discovery CEO David Zazlav just cashed in $114 million in stock due to a trading window opening for the executives involving brand negotiations. Word was out for quite some time that the bride was doomed that Gyllenhaal was having an uphill battle during production. This marks her first big budget movie after her threetime Oscar nominated lost do lost daughter that no one ever heard of uh which cost $5 million. Hence the push of the pictures release date from fall to this weekend. You can't fault Warers on the weekend. It's pre Oscars. They they thought what they thought this movie was going to get an Oscar. I mean, even Noseratu, you know, which is pretty niche for a modern day unless you're a hardcore cinema file, that made money. But Frankenstein needed a woman's touch, according to Salon. Did it? Through all of its muddled schllock, Gyllenhaal's film never once loses this distinctly feminine ambition. And that makes The Bride a far more faithful Frankenstein adaptation than made by any man. Are you do you hear that? The the compliment is that despite the movie being unwatchable, despite the movie being terrible in every conceivable way, a woman needed to do this. What the even Gyllenhaal's re-imagining is the other side of the coin. So ultraobs obsessed with giving the bride her agency that it frequently forgets there's a narrative arc happening around her. The entire movie says it's trash. Everyone says the movie's trash, but girl power. I guess nobody wants these movies. No matter how many times a Hollywood's, you know, idiots say feminist film The Bride becomes the latest gigantic Hollywood box office disaster. Maggie Gyllenhaal's woke retelling delivers one of the biggest misfires in film history. So again, like what what what exactly what exactly are we celebrating here? That a woman did it that a woman failed epically. Is that the is that what is that what the thing is here? That what we're supposed to do? The bride and its $90 million budget is cratering with just $3 million on Friday. Going to be one of the biggest disasters in Hollywood history. It's got to be close. It's got to be one top time top 10 alltime losers. We don't want this crap. If Hollywood wants to keep making terrible films and wasting their money on it, well, that's up to them. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, make sure you leave a like on it. If you haven't yet, please subscribe or follow down below. We'll talk to you again real soon.