Welcome to the fourth installment of the Mr. Beast anime tour situation that just keeps getting worse for dude. This course all began with a number of top influencers like I show Speed, Kaisen, even Valkyrie and his son and of course Mr. Beast being accused of being involved with an undisclosed paid promotion for Netflix's live action adaptation of One Piece and also rightfully being accused of being anime tourists. Mr. Beast has made a number of responses which as mentioned I have covered extensively and I'll link those videos in the description for anyone out of the loop on all the context. But in this one, we have yet another response, another new response from Mr. Beast, and he's just continuing to dig that hole even deeper. As that takes us to Marshall Bowmont, hopefully I said that right. Who seems to be a based viewer of the channel, had watched yesterday's video, or actually it was a video two days ago. That's right. Yesterday was about Pokemon. Two days ago was about Mr. Beast. And he clipped the part where Mr. Beast was being interviewed by Jason the Wii here, and Mr. Beast was trying to run damage control for being accused of being a tourist. And as mentioned, this was one of the responses that only made things worse on him. Marshall summarizing what happened right here. And so Marshall's tweet does get 3.7 million views here just mocking Mr. Beast. And by the way, thank you for linking to my video. Do appreciate that, Marshall. And Mr. Beast finds out about Marshall's tweet and responds saying that it's slander, saying to call him weird or whatever, but don't call him a fake anime fan. You know, we've heard this from him before in his other responses, and none of those went well for him. I'm not sure why he thinks this is going to be different, but then he makes some list here. He's like, "See, here's a list of anime that I've watched. Stop this blasphemy." And so, this is supposed to convince people that he's not a tourist, I guess. And look, there are some great anime on this list, for sure. But at the same time, these are just like some of the most mainstream anime from their respective seasons when they aired or had seasons airing, you know what I mean? So, the responses are filled with people still calling him a tourist. This doubling down or tripling down, whatever we're at now, by Mr. Beast isn't going well for bro at all. Including Pipa who said, "Would love to see Elon Musk and Mr. Beast collab where they explain their respective fake interest to each other. Mr. Beast actually sees this tweet from Pipa. Repost the list with like an angry emoji." Pippa says, "Your list sucks. Go watch Mage of Abyss and ratios him 23K verse 4.2K." And now we're seeing all these news accounts also posting about this. Like Two Knives saying Mr. Beast reveals the anime series he's watched after being accused of being a fake anime fan. Dexerto also posting about this, saying the same sort of stuff. It's really amusing to me that this part of the arc only happened because of the video I made a few days ago and Marshall tweeting about it and posting that clip and Mr. Beast actually finding out about it and making another response that is actually making things worse for him. It's like, how does he not see that each response is just digging the hole deeper? Now, Mr. Beast is just getting destroyed by people in the responses and quote tweets. As you can see, everyone saying essentially their own form of he looks like more of a tourist now. It's all just backfiring. And that's pretty much it. Not much else to say on this one. That is the situation. Pretty amusing stuff though. Let me know what you think. And thank you for tuning in.