So, first Kathleen Kennedy steps down and now at the start of the new year, Bob Iger is stepping down, too. What is going on? Disney secession inside the search for a CEO to replace Bob Iger. If you don't know who Bob Iger is, him and George go way back. He pitched George that George should sell Lucasfilm to Disney. And Bob actually came in clutch for George. a bunch of times back in the '9s for George's show, which was tanking, and he got it green lit for another season when it had no business doing that due to the poor ratings. And George was like indebted to him after that moment and just really appreciated what he did. It was a clutch move. Nice on him. But I feel like he was smart and he knew that uh this might pay off in the long run, and it did. Disney's board searches for Bob Iger's successor among four internal candidates as his contract expires with Park's boss Josh Dearo considered for the front runner. James P. Gorman, former Morgan Stanley chairman, is overseeing the transition during a turbulent period of Hollywood. Why is it turbulent? Cuz all the movies suck. >> My trust in them has been shaken. >> And as George just said, they're just doing sequels. They they don't actually create anything new. The company risks losing disappointed candidates and must balance expertise across parks, movies, and streaming. So, being the president or the CEO of Disney, I think, is it requires a lot of hats cuz it's like, yeah, you're in control of media. You're in control of the parks, which are like the most famous parks in the world. Actually, in Bob Iger's book, he put that if it wasn't for the parks that the media side of Disney would have gone under, if I'm not mistaken, which is insane as to how much revenue and profit the Disney parks probably bring in. You ever tried to buy some water there? I mean jeez. >> Where are you going, master? For a drink. >> The company risks losing disappointed candidates and must balance expertise across parks, movies, and streaming. It's a That's a hard job, dude. It's got to be someone extremely competent, someone who is definitely in the weeds of the money and business game, but also really in the weeds of the creative side of creating stuff, which will bring the money in. Cuz if you create you're not going to make money. >> We have nothing of value. That's our problem. >> The Walt Disney Co. cannot afford another secession implosion. The last time Chief Executive Bob Iger handed over the reigns, the plan backfired. Executives revolted. His replacement got bounced. You remember Bob Chapeek? And I returned to lead the storied entertainment giant for another four years. Iger will close out his two decade tenure at Disney at the end of this year where oh the end of this year. Oh Okay. So end of 2026. So he's still got some time when his contract expires. The board is preparing to make a pivotal leadership move at a perilous time for the industry. This time Disney has entrusted a take charge outsider to oversee its CEO transition which is expected to unfold in the coming weeks. Oh, so we might actually get the answer as to who it's going to be very soon. James P.G. Gorman, former head of Morgan Stanley, became Disney's chairman a year ago with secession at the top of his to-do list. The 67-year-old Australian native comes with strong opinions and sterling credentials. He helped stabilize and revitalize the Wall Street bank during his 14 years in the seauite, retiring in December 2024 after orchestrating a seamless baton pass. Yeah, look, it's uh it's a difficult job and even as an outsider, you know, I can imagine that you'll be able to handle all the financial and creative sides of everything and who does what and what goes where, what decisions to make based on analytics and all that stuff. It's uh it's got to be quite a burden really at times and it kind of all falls on you. But my logical outlook of that is that we'll just make good stuff like and the rest will all fall into place. And sure, that sounds really easy, but at the end of the day, it is that easy. Look at Star Wars, for example. Look at Lucasfilm. What George did. He didn't really worry about the financial side of things all that much. He was focused on the story, and he made a killing enough that Disney bought it out for 4 billion. Like, imagine just creating a story out of thin air, which is what George did. You know, obviously got inspiration from other things in life, but creating a story and then selling it for$4 billion dollars. Like, it's just out of nothing. Like, he that's it. It was it was him. All of it's him. Hollywood insiders, however, aren't counting out top television and streaming executive Dana Walden, who could become the first woman to lead the 102-year-old company. Movie studio head Alan Bergman and ESP chairman Jimmy Petaro round out the field. Who's this? Dana Walden. is Dana Walden? Dana Walden, co-chairman Disney Entertainment. The Walt Disney Company. Oh, well, it's probably definitely going to be her. As co-chairman, Disney Entertainment, Dana Walden oversees Disney's full portfolio of entertainment media. And this is important because this is the person that's going to be controlling Lucasfilm at the end of the day. News and content businesses globally, including Disney's streaming business. In this role, Walden leads Disney's world-renowned, award-winning content brands and businesses, including ABC Entertainment, ABC News, ABC owned television stations, Disney. You know, this is really important because this person is going to be controlling Lucasfilm, whoever it's going to be as the the president or CEO of Disney. And if you guys know of Lynn Hail, she was a such a sweet person that did a lot of good for Star Wars back when George was around. And she retired just about a few years ago. I think it was like 7 years ago or 6 years ago or something like that. And I was lucky enough to have a very brief interaction with her after the Pablo Hidalgo thing. She actually emailed me personally and apologized for all of it. And uh I I basically just fanboyed. I was just like I was like, "Yeah, whatever. Screw him. Thank you so much for everything you've done, blah, blah, blah." And and that was it. It was a short interaction, couple emails back and forth and that was that. But you know, if we get a person that cares as much like Lyn Hail did, sign me up. You know, totally opposite from who Kathleen Kennedy was and how she decided to run Lucasfilm, right? So, if we have someone that's really great, really passionate, and listens to their creative side and kind of like heals the brand instead of just focused on like money and numbers and analytics and this and that garbage could be great. >> Well, that's the real trick, isn't it? >> So, back to the article. Unlike the last goround, Disney's board tightened up the process by establishing a secession committee. The group comprising Gorman General Motors CEO Mary Barah Lululemon Athletico CEO Calvin McDonald and Sir Jeremy Derek, the former head of Sky Broadcasting in Britain have been evaluating the smarts, stamina, and public appeal of each candidate. They also must consider the intangibles needed to steer Disney through its steep business challenges. Picking a new leader for the company that is adored by millions and employs 230,000 people is a high What? That's insane, bro. >> Well, more wealth than you can imagine. Bro, bro, I I I think I employ 15 to 20 people, not including Vader cuz it's like contract work. 230,000 people. [sighs and gasps] That's uh you can see how things just like slip through the cracks like that. It's not a tight ship anymore, but you have an empire. Elevating one internal candidate also could spark an exotus by the others, putting pressure on the board to devise ways to retain Disney's accomplished runners up. Gorman earned the deep respect of Wall Street during his tenor at Morgan Stanley, which included deafly steering the investment firm out of the Great Recession and bolstering its businesses and workplace culture. Yeah, this is just a lot of background info on these uh CEO guys, on the suits, I call them. And we do need a good suit. We we do need a guy that can really handle 230,000 employees and Disney in general. I don't know. Do you guys know anything about Dana Walden? I don't know anything about her. I I have you heard good things? Have you heard bad things? But do you think she's capable of handling this this huge brand? Or, you know, my fear is that we'll get another Kathleen Kennedy. Just someone disingenuous who just does not actually know what they're doing or talking about. But I think she might be good. I'm literally just making that up and saying that on a whim. At the end of the day, whoever they hire, I feel like it needs to be someone that really does absolutely care about the brand, but also what the brand impacts. So, it's not just about money and, you know, like turning over a great profit. It's about all of the children, all of the people who really look to these stories, these characters, these parks as not just an escape, but something that really keeps them alive, for lack of better words, something that they can be excited about. And the movies that are going to be produced need to be timeless. They need to be like Star Wars and Lord of the Rings and Indiana Jones and all of these movies that we've grown up with that we actually look back to beyond just nostalgia. We've all watched movies growing up. There's some that were just like whatever. And then there's others that grow with us. So I personally think that whoever they hire needs to definitely be a fan of movies themselves and to also not have the imagination in them numbed by the amount of money that they've made and just become insensitive to all of the amazing stuff that they can create. Because Disney used to be a great company. They used to really care about the products that they made. But now it's more so about quarter 4 earnings or whatever that Bob was putting in the book being like we were just rushing stuff out essentially creating slop just to get it out for the analytics. And that's where the problem starts. It's like well let's just focus on some creative aspects of things. Let's focus on really moving people and inspiring people through our media. In that way, then we're going to have generations of loyal fans, customers, and people that want to come back for more and will then partake and purchase and enjoy all of the other products that we come to make because there's a reputation. And right now, the reputation is scorned. The reason for that is because of the choices that Bob Iger made. No matter how much pressure he was under, I feel like he could have made some better decisions or at least cracked the whip, so to speak, a little bit harder on certain projects. No, we're not doing this. No, we're not doing that. No, Kathleen, you need to get in order. This is crap. What are you doing? Like, you know, someone who's going to be a little bit more moving with creativity in mind. And I think if you move like George, which is just what he did, focused on the movies and the stories, then everything else will fall into place. And that's really what these guys have to learn. And they get too fixated on money and this and that. So, I hope if it's her, I hope she does a great job. Or whoever it is, I hope they really care about the people and the kids and the and the families that are going to be consuming their products. If you have someone that you think would be great at Disney as a CEO for when Bob steps down, write it in the comments. Curious to see what you guys think. Love you all. Engage with the video. Leave a like. I'll see you in the next one. May the force be with you. >> Now, fulfill your destiny. Yeah. [music] Heat. [music]