You know, one of the biggest problems I've got on this channel is time. There's just too much stuff to review and not enough time to do it. Plus, a lot of things that come out week to week might not be important or high-profile enough for a full review. And that's not even counting the backlog of like 500 movies, games, and TV shows that people have been begging me to make videos about since my channel started. Look, I'll watch Mr. In between when I watch it, okay? I'm only one guy. Anyway, all of this [ __ ] led me to try out a new series called Drinker Roundup, where I'll pick two or three or four of the things I've watched this week and combine their reviews together into one big video. If it works, it should allow me to cover stuff that I might have overlooked otherwise. So, let's get started and see how it goes, shall we? And wow, are we starting out not strong with this first one, Return to Silent Hill. You know, I've often said that being a Resident Evil fan is a tough gig when it comes to film adaptations, but damn, it's not exactly party time for the Silent Hill boys, either. The first movie from 2006, Jesus Christ, that was 20 years ago now, was a pretty underwhelming mashup of vaguely recognizable characters and iconography from the game series wrapped around a story that didn't make a whole lot of sense. And the sequel was, well, let's just not talk about that one. But credit to director Kristoff Gance, he was determined to take another crack at Silent Hill and spent years raising money independently to get this thing made. And now that I've actually watched it, I can't shake the feeling that he probably shouldn't have bothered. Just like the game version of Silent Hill 2, the story focuses on James Sunderland, a troubled and depressed man who gets a letter from a former lover telling him to meet her at Silent Hill. The only snag in this whole thing is that she's been dead for months by this point, but [ __ ] it. Let's just go with it. Anyway, James gets himself there only to find the town abandoned, shrouded in dense fog, and populated by horribly deformed, vaguely humanoid monsters shambling around. It's basically a day trip to Cumberald, only more welcoming. Now, don't get me wrong, there are plenty of locations, characters, and enemies from Silent Hill 2. The only problem is they've been stripped of their context and jammed into this misfiring psychological supernatural horror movie that tries to be a bit of everything, but can't really commit to a course of action. It's not scary enough to function as a horror movie. It's not complex or daring enough to be a psychological thriller, and it's not well-acted enough to be a character-driven drama or even a tragic romance story. But it tries to do all of these things, and mostly it fails. and worse, it alters key elements from the game in a way that breaks the entire meaning of the narrative. The game was the story of a man pushed to breaking point who committed a terrible act against a loved one and eventually stumbled into Silent Hill as he struggled to reconcile his guilt, grief, and repressed trauma. Everything you saw in the game was either a manifestation of his tortured psyche or one of the other poor souls trapped there. And by the end, it was left ambiguous whether James was actually redeemed or doomed to relive his mistakes in a kind of self-imposed purgatory forever. The movie, on the other hand, [ __ ] out on all of this by trying to make James way more sympathetic, rewriting his relationship with Mary to work in weird demon cults, abusive fathers, and supernatural rituals to explain away everything that happened to her, and even giving them a happy ending when it's all said and done. It all adds up to layers of unnecessary tacky, clichéed horror movie backstory like this is Shelby Oaks or something, and it robs the film of its emotional impacts. I definitely can't fault Ganzy's passion for the source material, but man, I do have to question his understanding of it. Not a recommends from the drinker. Next up, we're taking a stroll down positivity avenue with the rip, which sounds like something Tatiana might suffer from after a particularly enthusiastic session, but never mind that. Let's just go with it. The RIP in this case refers to drug money seized during police raids that can sometimes go missing if the cops in question happen to have sticky fingers. Such as the case here where a special police unit headed up by Matt Damon and Ben Affleck get an anonymous tip about a cache of cartel money hidden in a house in Miami. The squad soon breaks in and secures the money which turns out to be way more than they expected. Over $20 million in used notes. And therein lies the problem, dear viewer, because, well, that's a whole lot of money that can't be traced, and it wouldn't be all that difficult for people to help themselves. The unit already has a bad reputation after one of their own was murdered, and accusations of crooked cops and shady deals are flying around everywhere. With the cartel threatening to move in and take back what's theirs, the tension starts to rise as paranoia sets in, and each member of the team questions who they can trust, what their motives really are, how much the owner of the house really knows, and whether any of them are going to make it out of this alive. For the most part, The Rip is a slick, tense, well-paced thriller with a strong cast, solid action scenes, and a plot that keeps you guessing until pretty late in the game. Affleck and Damon are always reliable and bounce well off each other here. and the direction and cinematography all look great. There's nothing particularly revolutionary going on plot-wise, but the rip is still miles ahead of the usual Netflix slop. And if you're looking to kick back with a decent little action thriller, it'll definitely keep you engaged for a couple of hours. Last up on our roundup is Mercy. A Chris Pratt sci-fi thriller that I don't really want to compare to War of the Worlds, but man, this film is not making it easy for me. Want to watch a movie where the protagonist spends 95% of the runtime sitting in a chair watching other characters do all the work in a bunch of screens? Well, then this is the film for you. It's set in a near future Los Angeles that's descended into a crimeridden druginfested [ __ ] hole. You know, just like present-day Los Angeles, leading to the creation of the Mercy System that uses AI to preside judgment over violent criminals and gives them 90 minutes to prove their innocence. If they fail, it's execution time for them. Let's not worry about the fact that most people aren't attorneys or police detectives, and don't have the first clue about how to mount a legal defense, present evidence, gather testimonies, or search for clues, and would therefore be completely unqualified for a task like this, which is precisely why lawyers exist in the first place. That doesn't matter because our main man, Chris Pratt, is actually a police detective. Wow, that's lucky. Who's accused of murdering his wife in a fit of rage and then drinking himself into oblivion afterwards. And because he was blackout drunk, it's very difficult for him to remember what actually happened that day. So, he's discovering this as much as we are. His case is presided over by Rebecca Ferguson playing a cold, emotionless robot with a human face pasted on top. I mean, play to your strengths, I guess. Rebecca. Now he's got 90 minutes to get his guilt level below the probability threshold of 90% and find the real killer, which he does by contacting various friends and work colleagues, getting them to look for evidence and track down suspects and tapping into their personal communications and social media. Oh yeah, everyone's locked into a public cloud service that the Justice Department can tap into whenever they want because that's totally not an invasion of privacy or a breach of their constitutional rights. What do you think this is, the UK? The more his investigation proceeds, the more his shady personal life comes to light. And he's forced to reconcile his own deeply flawed personality while trying to uncover a growing conspiracy at the company where his wife worked with time running out for everyone involved. Oh yeah, and the AI itself even begins to take his side and starts to bend the rules to facilitate his investigation, which I'm pretty sure there must be like a million safeguards against, but whatever. Let's just go with it. Mercy is one of those films that probably sounded a lot better in a brainstorming session than it actually turned out in reality. The idea of a protagonist with a ticking clock death sentence given limited time to solve a crime, unmask a bigger conspiracy, and save their own life is a decent concept for a fast-paced sci-fi thriller that deals with a lot of zeitgeisty issues like AI and the dangers of outsourcing too much of ourselves to machines. But man, it really doesn't coales into a strong movie. The action's tedious, cheapl looking, and fragmented, mostly viewed through shaky handheld cameras to save on budget. The premise of using AI with zero human oversight to pronounce death sentences on people is weak at best and [ __ ] insane at worst. The dialogue's clunky and cliched, mostly recapping things we already know or spelling out stuff that's just been shown on screen. And well, a movie where your hero spends the majority of his screen time strapped into a chair is always going to be a hard cell. And I don't think Chris Pratt has the range or the acting chops to pull it off. He seems to have been trying to branch out into more serious and challenging roles in recent years. And at best, I could say the results have been mixed. Movies like Mercy, Electric State, and The Tomorrow War feel feel like they aren't doing his career or his profile any favors. And I can't shake the feeling that he's being downgraded by Hollywood into low-budget streaming slop. That's exactly what Mercy feels like to me. A theatrical movie that probably should have just gone direct to streaming. A film that's too dumb to make interesting commentary on AI, too low budget and pedestrian to get you excited for the action scenes, and too safe and cliche to have much in the way of interesting character moments. In short, it's one that is best left avoided. And that right there is it. My first episode of Drinkers Roundup. Now, I've got no idea if this format is going to work for people, if anyone's likely to care about it, or if it's even worth my time. But if people really do want to see me cover a broader range of new films and TV shows, this is probably the best way to make it happen. Either way, I await your commentary on the matter. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.