Did she just [ __ ] turn into Captain America? Did she just turn into Captain America? What am I playing? [music] What's up geeks and gamers? It's Jeremy coming to you with another video. And today we are talking about Call of Duty Black Ops 7 because we finally have the Call of Duty killer. We've been talking about this for years. Many games have been labeled that and every single one of them have failed. But this year we finally have it and the name of that game is Black Ops 7. The Call of Duty killer is here, ladies and gentlemen. And we have this right here. Call of Duty Black Ops 7 UK retail launch sales are 61% lower than Black Ops 6. 61%. Now, of course, that's just a UK retail launch. We understand that. So, I'm not trying to say that that means that everything is falling apart just based on that alone. But when you look at everything going on with this game, Black Ops 7 underperforms on Steam during launch weekend. But does that mean the games sold badly? And we don't know that completely yet. Call of Duty 7 has been out for a few days and has enjoyed its first weekend release into the hands of eager players. However, current concurrent players counts have been uh have many fans asking, "Is Call of Duty Black Ops 7 underperforming?" Uh, this question stems from one source in particular. Uh, and this is a Steam listing for Black Ops 7. The game is ranked sixth in global top sellers, which should reassure some fans. However, the game has only just reached a peak of concurrent players of right at 100,000. That is extremely low for a Call of Duty launch weekend. This sounds impressive. It is a huge amount of people to be playing the game at the same time on one platform. But comparing Black Ops 7 to previous release points to an allgether different picture. Back in 2024, Black Ops 6 came out, the game saw a peak of 315,000 players on Steam. Earlier in 2022, when Modern Warfare 3 released, the game saw a Steam peak of 491,000. These are massive drops that we're seeing right now across the board. You've got even places like Kotaku saying this year's entry in Activision uh Activision's longrunning FPS series is massively a weird mess. Uh you've got places like this Black Ops 7 campaign forgets everything that made its predecessors great. You go over to Metacritic and the fan score is sitting at a 1.7 right now. It is a disaster. Now, I have played Black Ops 7. I played the multiplayer. It's bad. Now, a lot of the reviews are actually saying like, "Oh, the campaign's bad, but the multiplayer is good." The multiplayer is not good. It is not good at all. The multiplayer feels like and and I was playing with a few of our friends. Uh Mo said that Call of Duty Black Ops 7 multiplayer feels like it was created by AI and that was the perfect way to describe playing this multiplayer. It just felt like lifeless garbage is what the multiplayer feels like. There's no personality to it. It doesn't feel good. It has nothing that makes you want to go back into that world. and I I enjoyed the multiplayer for Black Ops 6 for a few months, then they started to throw some really weird [ __ ] into it and I stopped playing it. Um, but Black Ops 6 started out pretty strong and then ended up screwing up big time. Out of the gate, Black Ops 7 multiplayer just completely was a turnoff. It is so bad and so lifeless and so pathetic. And that's the multiplayer. You want to bring the campaign into it? Oh boy. Let me show you about the campaign. Look at this insanity right here. This is from Modern War Zone. Black Ops 7 campaign is legit comedy. Brace yourselves for mega cringe. Strong amputee black female protecting those weak men. Look at those weak men cowering as the strong amputee black woman protects them. What are we doing? What are we doing? Did she just [ __ ] turn into Captain America? DID SHE JUST TURN INTO CAPTAIN AMERICA? What am I playing? This is unbelievable. It's crazy. The campaign shots have just people have been It is so bad to a level that is hard to process. If you if you grew up playing Modern Warfare, Modern Warfare 2, Black Ops, Black Ops 2, World at War, first of all, respect to you because you lived through those lobbies and those lobbies made you a man. This is pathetic on every single level. So, we don't have any statistics uh right now, specific statistics. I've shown you some of them and what we have with the Steam charts and the UK uh you know retail sales and things like that. So, it's going to take time, but it it does feel like something truly next level has happened now with Call of Duty. It feels like we have reached a point where people have moved on. Now, you have a lot of cool games out. You have Arc Raiders that is really blowing up uh on the Steam charts right now. Uh obviously, Fortnite is just a game that people continue to go back to. I play Fortnite a lot. I've played a little bit of Arc Raiders and I've really enjoyed it. And then of course you have Battlefield 6. So Call of Duty has the opportunity or they had the opportunity to continue to move in the direction they've been and that's what they did. Or they could have kind of course corrected and they decided not to do that at all. This campaign from all accounts is a disaster. I haven't played the campaign but I have played the multiplayer and the multiplayer feels like lifeless AI created it. The mechanics are not even as good as Black Ops 6 in my opinion. Um, and the environment is just lifeless as hell. There's no reason to go back to the game. It's not fun. It's not enjoyable. And there are several other games on the market right now that people are choosing over Black Ops. So, as it stands, it looks like the Call of Duty killer has finally gotten here, and that Call of Duty killer is Black Ops 7. Have you played it? Are you interested in playing it? Let me know in the comments below. Also, if you want to go over to geeks.com, uh we will have a link to our Ripison store. We have this merch on sale until November 25th. We have the bundle if you want to pick it up or you can pick up the individual items of your choosing. Those will be available until November 25th. Then we will be launching new merch. So, I can't wait to see all of you guys and gals rocking that merch. Have a great day and we will talk to you later.