this dweeb Alex Curtsman comes along and just all over everything. Just like crafts all over it and I basically found out he didn't want anybody who had any kind of fondness for the original show. He wanted to do something new and to create something new. And boy has he the bed. Starfleet Academy is an abomination. >> Nerdotic.com. >> Greetings you over 1 million heliens and the 40% who haven't subscribed yet. Let's start this video with something from the comment section. A little story from one of your fellow viewers, Eddie Dinklme, that I thought you should all hear. A few years ago, I broke 15 bones in a catastrophic car accident. I had to endure 14 surgeries, countless setbacks, a loss of my career, subsequent depression, and other trauma along with being bedbound for a year and a half. Somehow, this show is more painful than all of that. Eddie, I'm right there with you because this show makes me miss prison. Yet, it remains the unintentional comedy of the year, and I have to marvel at the fact that things just keep getting worse. Someone not only made something worse than the acolyte, they made something worse than The Witcher season 3 or four, Willow, She-Hulk, Iron Hart, The Rings of Power season 1 and two, the last five seasons of Doctor Who, and it is the worst of all of Curtsman Trek. But there is something that has genuinely surprised me. While I thought Starfleet Academy would get a little attention at first and then go away like a fart in the wind, it has, as I've said before, hit the cultural zeitgeist in all the wrong ways. And people are still talking about it, including the co-writer of Pulp Fiction, Roger Avery, roasting Alex Curtsman on Joe Rogan. >> That Alex Curtsman, man. His company is called uh Secret Hideout. I think he's going to need a Secret Hideout after destroying Star Trek for like this latest generation. I could not get through three episodes of of Discovery. They're just like is just awful, awful storytelling. And they're they're more interested in the corporate propaganda than they are with any kind of personal propaganda. Starfleet Academy is an abomination. >> He ain't lying. It is indeed an abomination, Roger, and a crime against imagination. And the biggest crime of all, someone has actually been paying Alex Curtsman to do this for almost 10 years. >> I actually don't feel entirely qualified to be the one to do it. >> Yet, people still wonder why Hollywood is in the state it's in. You might ask, how low can this show go? I have no idea. I keep waiting for it to hit the bottom and level out, and that hasn't happened yet. So, without further ado, let's get into it. Previously on Retards in Space, >> it's time to figure out what happened to BENJAMIN CISCO. >> NO. GOD, PLEASE NO. NO. >> NEXT. >> Origami chicken. >> Yeah, that's an insult. It's an insult. Why would he do that? >> You seem ready. You're more capable. Thank you. Your bearing is also impressive. >> The attitude is totally wrong. It's just it's it's not working, man. It's just not working. >> You're an idiot. >> For God's sake, this reaches a level of SADISM NOT EVEN I HAVE. >> The episode opens up with a warning to viewers. No, not the one you would expect, like stop watching immediately and go watch some real Star Trek. It says some scenes have a strobing effect that may affect photosensitive viewers. When in truth, when you find yourself in the midst of a stroke, it's just your mind going into self-preservation mode. After that, there's a sex scene. And to my utter surprise, it's heterosexual, which I am sure Curtsman and his team will get criticized for from the fives and tens of people who are watching this, outside of the content creators, of course. Anyway, this heteronormative scene is between Caleb and Brett Cooper. Oh, man. And I can't keep calling her Brett Cooper now out of respect for Brett. So now I got to look up this character's name because after five episodes, I have no idea what it is. And I don't think I'm alone on that one. But to be fair, that's another hallmark of Curtsman Trek, overfamiliarity with characters we know nothing about. And after going to IMDb, apparently her name is Timma Saddle. And after Caleb saddles that Philly, they have a little pillow tuck and Timma cucks Caleb immediately by talking about past love affairs. He was for Delton. And I didn't know that for Delton there's this whole thing with bowls of cleansing milk that we're supposed to douse your body with. >> Because right after doing the horizontal mambbo, every dude loves to hear what the girl's body count is. And on the other side of this, I'm sure every girl loves to hear about a dude's past conquests after taking the skimbo to Tunat Town. Now, the scene that goes on forever is set to a pop song called UFO by Olivia Dean that I've never heard and hope to never hear again. Tarima, formerly known as Brett Cooper, has an implant on her neck that turns red when she's aroused, which admittedly could be helpful to some of the younger guys out there. But the only problem is on the other side of that, it turns blue when she isn't, and that could be distracting. So, while Caleb is taking old one eye to the optometrist, Terma or Tamar, or whatever the hell her name is, uses her betazoid power to take him to a safe space. >> What is this place? >> The safest place I know. I wanted you to feel safe. where she finds his old teddy bear, which opens the door to his past trauma and losing his mom. And yes, that's exactly what happens. Caleb feels violated. He clutches his pearls. They have a fight, and we're on to the rest of the episode. The cadets of Starfleet Academy are sent on their third first mission on the USS Vagina, I'm sorry, Athena, where they end up at a ship graveyard that includes the very intact but derelict USS Miyazaki that was supposed to run on an experimental Singularity Drive. We will be using that ship, the USS Miyazaki. It carried an experimental warp alternative called the Singularity Drive. But when the crew first activated it, the ship was destroyed by a cascading series of mechanical failures. >> I have some questions starting with why would Starfleet leave an intact ship floating in space with an experimental singularity drive for over a hundred years. I mean, aside from the fact that you wouldn't want it salvaged and stripped for parts by your enemies or pirates, and at the very least, why hasn't there been a team of scientists to try to get that experimental singularity drive running? Considering the calamity known as the burn, if you want to know what it is, see previous videos, has happened before. So, it means it very well could happen again. But there I go, giving this more thought than the writers do, and I don't know why I bother. Oh, and as far as acknowledging the singularity drive that the Romulons had for centuries, we'll get to that. Long story short, this ship that was destroyed that remains suspiciously intact with an experimental singularity drive that could be very dangerous if they turned it on is just used to train retards. The retardets, I'm sorry, cadets are split into two teams. One staying back on the USS Vagina and the other one is going down to the Miyazaki and the goal is to restart the life support systems and the computer in under 60 minutes. where over the last 5 years, previous cadets have only been able to accomplish 65% of this mission. Apparently, the adventures of the eventually doomed crew of the Miyazaki were immortalized in a comic book. >> A comic book adventure stories of a Miyazaki and a crew >> Federation propaganda feel good colonizing brainwash poor kids into fighting the good fight for Big Brother. >> Pretty interesting coming from a show that's propaganda. >> Uh, Black Lives Matter, the NAACP. The goal is not really to promote Star Trek, but to promote these organizations and to use our platform to be able to bring greater awareness to these very, very important messages and places. >> I guess it's nice in the sci-fi fantasy story that the American style comic book is still around in a thousand years when in our reality it won't be around in 10. Now, the Away Team is led by the rarest of rarest things in Curtsman Trek, a straight white male. So, you got to think he's not long for this world. And I'm going to tell you now, that's a safe bet because after our Gary Stew restarts the life support on the Miyazaki pretty easily, >> barely an inconvenience, >> they get abducted by hybrid half alien, halfhuman cannibalistic furries. Oh, furries. No, furies. While the furries, I'm sorry, furies were originally introduced in Star Trek in a non-cononical novel from 1996, the originals are nothing like the ones we see in Starfleet Academy, which are a direct ripoff of the Reavers from Firefly and Serenity. Now, if Holly Hunter and the crew of the Athena don't come up with 30 Latin bars in 5 hours, they're going to eat Caleb and the rest of the crew. But I guess Sam the hologram doesn't have anything to worry about, which is disappointing because I for one am rooting for the furries. Now, all other Federation starships have to maintain a one light-year distance as part of the fur's demands, and I want you to keep that one in mind. So, the Federation finds themselves in a bit of a pickle. Now, the genius Admiral Vance suggests that they find Paul Giamati's noose Braa, who was last seen floating in the depths of space in an escape pod in episode 1. Holly Hunter isn't initially down with the idea, but after an escape and fight scene that looks like it was choreographed by Stevie Wonder, predictably, the straight white male ends up getting eaten, then eventually dying, and then eventually thrown out the airlock. Oh, and if you're new to Curtsman Trek, this is pretty much old hat. The new red shirt is the straight white male. When the USS Vagina, I'm sorry, Athena's crew notices the body, Miss I swallow my commad, has a panic attack, and is kicked off the bridge. She should be kicked out of Starfleet. And hell, I'm betting they wish they put her on the away team cuz she would have fed the furries for a week. But now Holly Hunter is forced to find the half Cllingon, half Telerite. So he's a Clingerite, Paul Giamatti, who again was last seen floating in the depths of space. And even if he survived, he's probably laying low because he's a wanted man after trying to steal the warp drive of a Starfleet vessel and for being responsible for the death of multiple Starfleet officers. So again, I'm guessing this guy's laying low and he'll be difficult to find. And oh, apparently Starfleet knows where he is and found him pretty easily. And in his return, we get yet another hallmark of Curtsman Trek. Taking great award-winning actors and making them look and sound like morons. >> My space boo, my solar flame, my interstellar vesty, and the hills are alive with the sound of murder. And I'm I'm wet and ready to be a diplomat. Now, how would a half telerite half Klingon a thousand years in the future know modern vernacular from the 21st century or use an abonics term spoken in a slight black scent while referring to a film that came out in the 20th century? No idea. But he's back and he holds all the cards because he's the only one that's been able to stop the furries. Meanwhile, on the Miyazaki, after the straight white male was eaten by the furries, the kids were able to escape to the bridge and lock themselves in where they managed to make time to have a little gay scene. Why haven't they transported us yet? >> Now, if you couldn't understand what Sam said right there, and why would you, she was asking why they couldn't be transported out, and that's because there is a dampening field. And the comms have been jammed. So, at least they explain that. And it's at this point the hacks from Curtsman decide to repurpose the most famous and poignant line of dialogue in all of Star Trek. And, let's be real, the only one they know. >> He sacrificed himself without even thinking. A famous officer once said, "The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few or THE ONE." >> KEEP SPOCK'S DIALOGUE OUT your mouth. >> From here on out, for the sake of your valuable time and sanity, and quite frankly, my sanity, too. We're going to power through this. There are two long conversations between award-winning actors Holly Hunter and Paul Giamati with the most eloquent of dialogue where noose braa acts as an unintentional surrogate for the audience. >> I don't care about dead cadetses. Your job is to figure out what I do care about. >> We also learned that furries don't like being furries. >> Here's what you need to get about the furies. They hate being furies and they're in ball clenching sphincter puckering pain all the time. And the only relief they get is they just spooge it all over other people. >> And they eat buttholes. >> I've seen them pick a carcass clean  and all. I'm talking about a Klingon carcass. Well, that's not if Jaden doesn't get to him first. Anywh who, I do appreciate that Paul Giamati got Holly Hunter to sit down in a chair properly. And through some news broka exposition, we learn that Holly Hunter being halflanthanite, which is essentially an immortal species, experiences time different than humans, and allowed her son to die when she could have saved him to save her crew instead, where she is reliving this event with her Gary Stew surrogate son, Caleb Mir, being trapped on a ship with a bunch of cannibals, who again I am rooting like hell for. Now, the question you're probably asking is, why is the chancellor of Starfleet Academy and the captain of the USS Athena left alone in a room with a known terrorist and criminal without any security and then just walks away leaving Noose Braa in her quarters unsupervised? >> Don't ask questions, just consume product and then get excited for next product. >> But this is where things get really convoluted and stupid as opposed to just stupid. On the USS Vagina, I'm sorry, Athena, girl. Boss Genesis is able to triangulate the position of the cloak vessel that's jamming the comms and the ability to transport the away team despite the fact that there's a bunch of fully trained Starfleet officers who couldn't figure it out. On the bridge of the Mitsubishi, Johnny Spock, Bill Gay Den, his gay boyfriend, the body positivity neurode divergent Sam, and Caleb Mirar Gary Stew are trapped on the bridge and about to get eaten by a bunch of cannibals. Except for Sam cuz she's a hologram. And the Kawasaki ship's computer doesn't recognize them because it still thinks it needs to save the old crew that it doesn't know is dead. And what's the solution? They have the computer read a comic book where the crew for some reason is in 23rd century Starfleet uniforms. Despite the fact that they died just 100 years ago in the timeline, considering it looks like the computer is reading a modern American comic book, once it gets past all the gay subplots, it figures out the crew is actually dead and gay. And it recognizes the Starfleet as the new crew. It puts up a force field around the bridge and it buys the Starfleet Learing Academy cadets a little time to fire up the singularity drive that killed the O crew. But we know it's going to work because Gary Stew is there, which will disrupt the transporter dampening field, making it possible for them to beam out. But this is not done without the help of Brett Cooper. And yes, I'm back to calling her Brett Cooper, who's not just a betazoid, she's a super betazoid. Basically, Professor X, whose power inhibitor, which is suspiciously like the one they have in Captain Marvel, regulates her betazoid brain waves because she is too powerful. As a matter of fact, we find out she is the one that made her father deaf because when she gets upset or angry, she can hurt people. So, after establishing it's really risky, they're still going to use Brett Cooper to get into Caleb's head to turn on the singularity drive. Jesus wept. I want to get this over with. So, this is how the end of the episode goes down. Holly Hunter basically gives N Spraa what he wants, which is essentially control of a sector in between two wormholes. Make of that what you will. And it turns out the furries are halfbat alien and New Brocca defeated him before with a sonic weapon. So, Starfleet in their infinite wisdom is going to use said sonic weapon in space. Never mind the fact that a sound weapon needs an atmosphere to travel through. But remember, this is the same Kurtsman Trek that brought you sonar in space. The sound is even broadcast into space by a towering crystal structure. >> The only problem is they need to find a sonic weapon to use in space. And they just so happen to have a super secret star base nearby with a super secret ship where they can quickly modify the weaponry to use the sonic weapon in space. >> Star base J19 alpha. It's an experimental platform for new weapon systems not far from here. They have an intricate class ship, the Saraso, that should be able to make the necessary modifications on route to emit a sonic disruption. >> How convenient. So all they need to do is find the super secret base and the super secret ship. Modify the super secret weapon on the super secret ship. Send Brett Cooper into Caleb Mir's head so he can fire up the singularity weapon to lower the dampening field so they can beam them out of the Miyazaki while Genesis triangulates the position of the cloak ship so the super secret intrepid class ship can use the super secret sonic weapon to kill the furries. And this all has to be done in a matter of minutes. But it turns out it was all an elaborate trap by Paul Giamotti when they decode a message that says they took the bait bone appetite. Now, how would an alien civilization in a thousand years know a French phrase? Don't know. But what do you know? The kids are able to fire up the singularity drive. But then the furries break in, kill Johnny Spoxville, and despite the fact she is permeable, the body positivity neurode divergent hologram Sam gets damaged by phaser fire. And while all this is going down and the kids are about to get eaten by a bunch of furries, Brett Cooper gets into Caleb's head and wants to talk about her feelings. >> Why are you getting hiding? >> There's a field of flowers where I grew up. I used to hide there when I was afraid. of what >> me. >> Once she's done talking about her feelings, she pulls out her inhibitor and kills the furries with the feminist empowerment scream. The kids managed to escape, but so does Paul Giamotti and his pirates, who were working with the furries, but left them to die. And this was all a giant distraction. So Paul Giamati and his pirates could raid the super secret star base and rob it of all its super secret weaponry because somehow, despite being last seen floating in the middle of space in an elevator, this is how the plan went down. Somehow Newra got home. Somehow Newra got the information that there was going to be a training exercise at the Miyazaki. Somehow News Brocka was able to hire the uncontrollable furries. Somehow New Brocca knew all along that Admiral Vance would go to him to help Starfleet with the furries. Somehow New Brocca knew there was a super secret star base with super secret weaponry nearby the training exercise. Somehow Newra knew there was a super secret base that had an intrepid class super secret ship that had the weapon that needed to be specifically modified to use the sonic weapon in space. Somehow New Brocca knew that Brett Cooper would be able to kill the Furies with her feminist empowerment scream. And somehow New Brocca knew that the Federation would be too stupid to call in the five ships that were just a lightyear away, ready to come in. And somehow Alex Kurtsman is still getting paid. And the episode ends with New Brocca sending a message to Holly Hunter explaining he has done all this because he hates her. And we're right there with you, brother. Now, we still don't know why specifically he hates her. I wouldn't put it past Curtsman to do something stupid like making Noose Braa Holly Hunter's son. So ends another episode of Starfleet Larrying Academy filled with the onbrand abject stupidity whiplash inducing contrivances and the modern vernacular was off the charts with this one. And as far as that one and only singularity drive is concerned, >> one and only singularity drive. >> The Romulons had that the whole time. So by all accounts during the burn when Starfleet wasn't traveling at warp speed, despite losing the Romulan home worlds with their superior technology, they should have conquered the galaxy. But there I go again, putting more thought into Curtsman Trek than the people who are actually paid to make the show. Oh, and as far as the completely unbiased websites like Tremov.com, stating that this thing was actually a hit, it turns out it wasn't. The Neielson streaming charts came out today during the period of its 2 episode premiere and Starfleet Academy isn't anywhere to be found. >> Oh my, that is some COSMIC POETRY RIGHT THERE. I know, shocking news, but there have been a lot of unintentional laughs on the way, and there's more to come. So, I'd like to end this video with a clip from the latest episode where Paul Giamati accurately describes how the average viewer feels after watching an episode of Starfleet Academy. >> Yeah, they're in ball clenching. Just think they're puckering pain all the time. >> nerdroic.com. >> If you like what you heard, please like, share, and subscribe. If you didn't like what you heard, I thank you for listening this long. and I will see you in the next video.