2026 is shaping up to be a huge year for movies. Some positive, some negative. There are several movies that I am personally looking forward to. Um, and we're going to talk about all of them, but in particular, this is a variety article with the 2026 box office predictions. And something stood out to me that I think is very interesting. So, first and foremost, uh, Variety box office 2026 predictions. Will the Odyssey, Avengers, Doomsday, and a new Star Wars finally propel grosses above $9 billion? So, obviously, you've got some huge movies set up for 2026. You've got Dune 3, you've got Avengers Doomsday, you got the Odyssey, you got Mario Galaxy, you got Spider-Man movie. Uh there's there's a lot of movies that we're going to go over here, but the one thing that I think is dominating most of the conversation is Doomsday. Not for all of the right reasons. Now, I personally I have been completely checked out of the Marvel Cinematic Universe for years. Um and I am interested to see what they're going to do with Doomsday. I'm very interested primarily because they are essentially admitting that they screwed up. They are admitting that the toxic fans, yours truly, and many of you watching this video, were absolutely right about the Marvel Cinematic Universe. That's what they're doing with Doomsday and all of the decisions that they are making. They are admitting that they effed up big time by pushing the identity politics nonsense, the pro- female nonsense, all of that. It doesn't matter because right when they have an opportunity, they're going to go right back into that. But I am fascinated to see how this all plays out with Avengers Doomsday. Now, obviously my most anticipated movie of 2026, and it's not even close, is the Odyssey because it's Christopher Nolan, and I am really excited to see what he's going to do with that. Now, I've had my criticisms of the Odyssey, namely the casting of uh many of the casting decisions that Nolan has made. I loved the trailer. I'm I'm fine with Matt Damon being in the lead role and there's a lot of people that are cast in it and there's some good that would were cast in the Odyssey, but there are some glaring issues with that. Super Mario Galaxy is another one. Obviously, I'm looking forward to it. I didn't love the Mario G or the Super Mario Brothers movie. I liked it. I did not love it. Um it was not as good as I was hoping it would be, but I did enjoy it. I've seen it multiple times. Every time I watch it, I like it a little less. However, a Mario Galaxy movie, I am obviously interested for many reasons because Mario Galaxy 1 and two are those are two of my favorite games of all time. So, I'm looking forward to that. Um, Spider-Man, you got Toy Story. So, anyway, let's go through this. But what stood out to me in this article is they they have the sure things for the box office. These are the these are the movies that they are saying is a sure thing to be a massive massive hit. No doubt. And they lead off with Super Mario Galaxy. Now, the Mario Brothers movie uh did $1 billion. I predicted that it was going to do $1 billion. A lot of people did not believe me. I turned out to be right. And I think that we are set up for another huge massive uh billion dollar uh movie with the Super Mario Galaxy movie. No doubt about it. So, they have this one as a short thing, and I agree with that. Next up, they have Toy Story 5. I pro I don't disagree. Listen, Toy Story 4 is not good. Um, I love the first three Toy Story movies. I think they are perfect movies. Toy Story 4 was a a step back. I don't hate the movie like a lot of people, but I don't even think about it. I don't acknowledge Toy Story 4 as part of the franchise. I just don't even think about it. Um, now with that said, the only concern I would have is even though Toy Story 4 did a billion dollars, Toy Story 3 did a billion dollars and Toy Story is just one of the most beloved franchises there is. We had the Buzz Lightyear movie that came out several years ago and it was a complete and total flop. Now, it was a flop for many different reasons. Um, but it was a flop and it did show that the power of the Toy Story brand didn't it wasn't just like a grand slam. It wasn't an automatic. So, while I think Toy Story 5 probably deserves to be on the sure thing list, I think there's many questions about Toy Story 5 that are not surrounding something like the Mario Galaxy movie. Uh, you have the Odyssey here and I don't think there's as many questions about that either. But Toy Story 5, I think it's going to be huge, but there's a lot of questions around it. Next up is The Odyssey. And yes, the Odyssey will be a massive hit. It's Christopher Nolan. Um, you know, Oppenheimer did almost a billion dollars, which is still the craziest thing in the world to me. Um, a three-hour biopic about Oenheimer and it nearly did a billion dollars. It's insane. Christopher Nolan's the biggest name in Hollywood. So, um, yeah, I mean, you know, taking the Odyssey on, even with all of the the concerns that certain people have about things, it's it's Nolan. It's the Odyssey. It's going to be a huge hit. Spider-Man: Brand New Day. I think this is going to be a massive hit as well. It's Spider-Man, arguably the most popular superhero there is. Um, I think Batman deserves to be in that conversation, but Spider-Man is probably just a little bit more popular than Batman even. Um, even though I haven't loved the Tom Holland movies, it's Spider-Man. It's going to be huge. So, I expect that to be massive. Now, what's interesting is on the sure things list, there's no Avengers Doomsday. I I am shocked. I am shocked by that, especially since Toy Story 5 is right there. And I think Toy Story 5 is less of a short thing than Avengers Doomsday. But, it's interesting that they don't have Doomsday on there. Now they have safe bets and you have the Mandalorian and Grou. I have no idea what to think about this movie. Um, again, Star Wars is another thing that I am completely checked out on and I feel like several years ago there was an opportunity for a Mandalorian movie to come out and it could have been a massive hit for Disney uh at the height of the popularity of The Mandalorian. But at this point in time, I have no idea what's going to happen with this movie. I can't predict the Mandalorian movie. I have no idea. I could easily see this movie being a billion-dollar movie just as easily as I could see it being a$4 to500 million movie. I I have no idea what's going to happen with this one. Um I can't predict this one. This one is completely up in the air for me. Um it's been what seven years since we had a Star Wars movie after The Rise of Skywalker which was the biggest abomination ever. Um, I I don't think that the momentum for the Mandalorian franchise is still there. Um, you know, it was after season two, but uh I I haven't watched any of this stuff. So, I guess you had the Book of Boba Fett that was tied into the Mandalorian universe. You had the Ahsoka series that was tied into the uh Mandalorian universe. I think there's a I think there's a season 3. Again, I haven't seen any of these shows. That's how out of touch I am with Star Wars. Um, but uh I'm completely up in the air on that one. And then we get to Avengers Doomsday. I can't believe this is not under the shore bets. This is or this is under the what is this? What do they call it? Okay, safe bet. And then there's the uh sure thing. So, they don't have it under the thing. They have it under a safe bet. Thrill factor. Downey and Evans return to the MCU, bringing the two mightiest heroes back into the fold. They're joined by favorite characters. Um, X-Men, the Fantastic 4 in the true uh, it's in a true the gangs all here extravaganza. Chill Factor, superhero fatigue is real. I reject the premise of superhero fatigue. I subscribe to the idea of bad movie fatigue. But when you put all of these characters in this movie, I think this is a billion-dollar movie and then some and a lot more some. This is going to be a huge movie. I can't I I can't believe they put Toy Story at the top and they put this one in the second tier. That is crazy to me. This should not be in the same area as Mandalorian movie. Not even close. Um but anyway, superhero fatigue is real and Marvel can't seem to shake it. The studios last few films, Thunderbolts, Captain America, Brave New World, and Fantastic 4 First Steps, all disappointed at the box office. Yeah, because nobody cared about them. I actually liked Thunderbolts. Uh I didn't watch Captain America: Black New World. Um I did see the Fantastic 4 movie and I felt it was just incredibly boring. Uh absence makes the heart grow fonder. It's been six years since the last Avengers uh adventures. Evans and Downy's presence will make the sequel a bonafide uh event. I agree. And that's what again that's what threw me off with this whole thing because Avengers Doomsday just not not being a grand slam uh in their eyes speaks volumes. Now again I think Avengers Doomsday will probably be I think it I don't know if I want to say this. Okay, so the biggest movies of the year that are in the discussion are going to be uh The Odyssey, Super Mario Galaxy, Spider-Man Doomsday maybe Toy Story, maybe. Of those movies, what do I think has the potential to what's the safest bet to be the biggest movie of the year? I think Doomsday is the safe bet to be the highest grossing movie of the year. Now, the reason I think that is because number one, you have Spider-Man coming out midway through the year, and I think Spider-Man's going to be great. So, that's only going to build more confidence moving into Doomsday for general audience with Robert Downey Jr. coming back, with Chris Evans coming back, with the X-Men, with everybody going to be involved in this, Deadpool, Wolverine, like it is. There's no way in hell that this movie is not going to be a huge huge success from a box office standpoint. Maybe not from a profitability standpoint because they're putting so much money into it, but just from a box office standpoint, I think I think 1.5 billion is the is the is the bottom for this movie. Like, I think that's the lowest it could do. I think 1.5 maybe one I'm sticking with 1.5. I was going to say 1.2, 2, but I'm sticking with 1.5 is the bottom for this. Now, if you go back up to, like I said, Mandalorian Grou, I have no idea. Spider-Man: Brand New Day, I think that's a billion-dollar movie as well. The Odyssey, I think that the potential for this to be a billion-dollar movie is absolutely there. It's Christopher Nolan. Uh, I don't know if it's a grand I don't know if it's like a slam dunk, like it's a guarantee. I think Spider-Man is nearly a guarantee. I think Doomsday is a guarantee. and I think that Mario Galaxy is a guarantee, but I don't know about Toy Story 5. So, the reason I made this video is because there are some interesting things to talk about in 2026 with a lot of these films coming out. Um, you have other stuff, too. Uh, you obviously Project Hail Mary, a lot of people have been talking about that one. Um, Disclosure Day, that's the Steven Spielberg movie. Um, I can't believe Dune is not in here. Where is Dune at? Did I miss Dune part three? Dune part three is uh easily going to be I don't even see Dune. Unless I missed it. Yeah, nothing for Dune. That's kind of crazy to me that they didn't even put Dune part three. Wow. It's not even right in here in in the cards. I don't see anything for Dune. So, I guess we'll see what happens with that. Dune is supposed to come out in December, the same day as Doomsday. Am I just missing this? Am I I mean, I am but I'm shocked that they don't have Doom part 3 on here. That is crazy. Anyway, you guys let me know your thoughts in the comments below. Thank you very much for checking out this video. I appreciate it. It's good to be back making videos. Um, so I'm looking forward to discussion in the comments section to see what everyone is thinking. And uh, are you excited for Dooms Day? Are you excited for Mario Galaxy? Are you excited for the Odyssey like I am? Let me know in the comments below. Have a great day and we will talk to you