[Music] Wrestlemania 41 night 2 is over and I have to say before I get into my issues overall a very very solid night. I mean all of the matches were very good. Some were even great. I was pretty happy with night two. Night two was better than night one. And honestly the weakest match was the main event. and it's the weakest match because of one particular reason and that is Travis Scott. But before we get into that, let's just go ahead and talk about all the other matches. Logan Paul, AJ Styles, I thought would be the match of the night. It wasn't quite the match of the night. And it was kind of disappointing, but I wouldn't say it's a bad match. I just expected more from both of those guys. But they were still entertaining enough. But up to that point, that was the weakest match on the card, shockingly enough. Um, we obviously had uh we had Damen Priest and Drew McIntyre. I thought that was an awesome match. Huge, huge props to both of those guys. Um, we had the triple threat match with the women. That one ended very, very surprisingly and I thought justifiably so. The women's tag team match uh with Becky Lynch Lynch returning, that was really good. Uh, a solid match from the ladies. Last night's the ladies matches I didn't think were that good. Tonight, the ladies matches were much better. And I don't know why you need four women's matches on a Wrestlemania card. You obviously kept the two best ladies matches for tonight. And they proved that last night. There was no business whatsoever. Uh, the uh four-way match with uh you know, Finn Balor freaking uh Bron Breaker is an absolute animal. I mean, he's absolutely insane. Dirty Dom takes the win there and I thought was one of the best moments of the night because he does heel work so fantastic. Um, that was a really good match. The Randy Orton Joe Hendry match. Joe Hendry got buried. And while I found a lot of entertainment out of watching that, I have to wonder why did you bury Joe Hendry, the TNA champion, so badly? I don't know, but they certainly did. Then we get to the main event. Up to that point, you've had solid matches all night long. Uh some better than others, but really good matches that I was very happy with. I was happy with the production value. Everything was good. We get to the main event, which I predicted John Cena would win. Um a pretty good match. Nothing to It's not going to be a legendary match. Pretty good match overall. And then something happens that completely deflated everything. Now, I would say that the Cena Cody match was very good and primarily because of John Cena's heel work because John Cena sold the heel work so well all through the match. And if the match would have not had the thing that I'm about to talk about, this would have been a very good match with a very satisfying ending and it would have capped off a really strong night for night two. But all of a sudden, somebody's music hits. Who? Who? Who music hit, Jeremy? Is it The Rock? No. Is it Stone Cold? No. Although, I got to mention Stone Cold might have had the greatest moment of the night when he wrecked his four-wheeler. And uh some woman, in my opinion, my humble opinion is she flopped like LeBron. Um but Stone Cold wrecked his ATV, his four-wheeler. Uh Nick Khan had to go over there talking to the people. Stone Cold comes in there, cuts a promo. It was awesome. Uh, but yeah, back to the point at hand. Whose music hits? The Rock, Triple H, Vince McMahon? No, Travis Scott. Travis Scott's music hits in the middle of the main event at Wrestlemania in front of 60,000 people. and he takes his sweet ass time and walks down this long runway and it derailed everything. Completely derailed every single bit of momentum that this entire night had. And this is the problem that I have with current WWE along with many others. But we don't care about celebrities. We've never cared about them. They're nice as a novelty, but they don't need to dominate. if Travis Scott wanted to run down out of nowhere, jump in the ring so that Cody could get his receipt back. Because the backstory here is that when John Cena turned heel, Travis Scott was there and he actually legitimately hit Cody and it's been rumored that Cody was going to get a receipt back to pay him back. So that's why this happened. So we needed Travis Scott to come in there so he could get the receipt from Cody. Run him in there. He can try something on Cody. Cody can drop him. He gets out of the ring and he's irrelevant. No, no, no. He has to do an Undertaker style entrance in the middle of the match. What are we doing? It's absolutely mindblowing. So, here you are with Cody Rhodess, the WWE Champion, John Cena turning heel, going for the 17th championship on night two of Wrestlemania. You've had a great night full of solid matches focusing on wrestling and then you derail it completely with this [ __ ] clown walking out there. I can't believe how bad this was. And of course, Travis Scott gets in the ring and Cody drops him. It's just ridiculous. I can't believe they they decided to do this, but they did and it derailed everything. Now, John Cena being the professional that he is, pulled it back in and uh after Travis Scott was out, John Cena pulled a great move that kind of pulled it back in a little bit, but you tainted this match. This this match was absolutely tainted. I'm assuming this is on Triple H. Um but John Cena ultimately reigns supreme and gets his 17th title. And I'm looking forward to this heels Cena run. I think John Cena's heel run has been fantastic. I've been very happy with it and I am not a Cena guy. I've never been a Cena guy. But yeah, it was um this should have been far better than it was, but they decided to bring Travis Scott out there. I I am still blown away by this. I can't believe how bad it was. Now, we watched uh we did a watch party live with our Locals members over on Locals. Uh so, if you guys want to follow us over there, uh you're getting a lot of content over there. We had a great watch party with our audience. Um, so it was a lot of fun. So we'd love to see you guys and gals over there. But, uh, Wrestlemania night two better than night one. And overall, I would say a pretty good Wrestlemania all things considered. Stone Cold is the He stole the show. Stone Cold did it by uh, wrecking his uh, four-wheeler. It was great to see Stone Cold there. I was really happy about that. The The card was very good all things considered. Travis Scott derailed what should have been a very solid championship match. Um, Cena went over big time with the crowd. The crowd loves Cena. The crowd is all on his side. Um, and I'm happy about that because I do like the heel work that he's doing. Even as he was walking out, it was Thank you, Cena. Man, the the crowd is on Cena's side. So, we're going to be covering Monday Night Raw tomorrow on Locals. We'd love for you guys to follow us over there. Come hang out with us. Let me know your thoughts in the comments below. Thank you very much for checking out this video and we will talk to you later. [Music]