Recently, I had the pleasure of joining a live stream with the chairman of the Pendragon Foundation, Dr. Nathan Hood. The Pendragon Foundation is a charitable organization with the focus of rebuilding Britain's strongholds. They partner with local groups and national bodies to construct a coalition of businesses, charities, and community organizations to deliver an ambitious program of restoration and regeneration across Britain. It is a great organization that I fully support and encourage you to go check him out. And this video is the discussion I had with Nathan on the true definition of what a castle is. So, I hope you enjoy. >> Hello friends, welcome to another Pen Dragon Foundation stream. And as some of you might know, the Pen Dragon Foundation is crazy about castles. We love them. We think they are our heritage and stone that they inspire in us uh a deep love of our country and community. And uh we that's why we want to restore them. We want to rebuild them and see them thrive once more. And so we just want to talk about castles all the time on this channel. And to that end, we have invited and are very lucky to have somebody who I think that is also very truthful. Uh welcome Shad. How are you doing sir? >> I'm doing very well. It's a pleasure to be here. Uh, as many people might know, I really like castles and I also love what the Pen Dragon Foundation uh what your goal is and you know everything about trying to uh either preserve or perhaps restore castles going to the future, looking at new ways uh innovative ways to try and achieve that, which is brilliant. And and then at the same time um you get to talk about castles as well because they're awesome and I've loved them my whole life. Well, let let's let's kind of start with that question. You know, what is a castle? And instinctively, and I've I've been talking to people throughout the week about what they think a castle is. Um, and instinctively most people say, well, you kind of know what a castle is by looking at it. >> But actually, when you kind of think about it more deeply, there's a lot of different things which are called castles. uh and there are things which aren't called castles which might constitute castles and actually finding a definition which is not too rigid but also not too fluid is it's it's really tricky >> it's more complex than people realize when I look at it I actually because this is something I've probably put way too much thought into where I was like okay okay right uh as I looked into it and try and understand I feel I've ultimately come to two uh definitions. A very there is a very loose definition which is the type of usage that people use in casual language. Uh the use that people have mostly adopted and what most people be quite familiar with. And the unfortunate thing about this loose definition is that's the one it's the one that is more commonly used by regular people. And it is so loose and open that um it effectively is anything that has the vagus kind of castle look to it, whether it's krenellations or or perhaps the allure of um of turrets or or something like that. if if it even looks slightly castleike, whether it's uh you know a a French chateau or a a modern building with the aesthetic, PEOPLE JUST THAT'S A castle and it's it's so loose that it almost loses its meaning and definition as a result. Um and I'm interested to hear your thoughts on that observation. Do you do you kind of notice the same thing? >> Absolutely. Yes. Anything which is large and historic, which isn't a church or cathedral >> can can be labeled as some kind of castle. Exactly. The one that comes to my mind, you mentioned No Frankenstein. Um, but there's a lot of manners or palaces or estates. >> Palaces in in the UK. And there's one in particular I can think of. It's on sale at the moment, Ripley Castle. But it's it's a it's a Georgian estate. It's a [laughter] Georgian estate. And you know that's [clears throat] really pushing it uh to to to say that's a castle, but it people will call it that. >> I want actually look this one up. I'm gonna look up Ripley Castle just so I can be on the same page. >> If you've got a spare um I think I think it's gone down in price. It used to be 21 million. Now it's uh a nice 7.5. >> This see the Ripley Castle. This is an interesting one just even looking at it where I like it's got large windows. is basically a mana house but it has krenellations at the top. Krenellations is an interesting point to consider when looking at you know what is a castle or not because I I I I've never nailed down the exact period when this was in place but I but I I have confirmed it was a thing where in England there was a license to krenolate where you know um to to put krenolations on your mana house right was basically fortifying it in a militaristic way that you needed a license by the king to do because if the wrong person did it, they could essentially use that as a base of operations in against the king or things like that. And so there was actually no if you're going to put krenellations on something, you need a license. And so credation seems to be uh perhaps one of those beginning kind of qualifications to changing something from just a house or a mana into something that could function more like a castle. The thing is though what we're seeing kind of here with Ripley castle is that these look like essentially fake krenellations. They're aesthetic krenellations. They're just there for looks. you couldn't really use them for any real defensive purpose because the uh the tooth of the krenellations the you know the um not the krenel the Merlin is too small. It wouldn't wouldn't give you full full body cover. And so it is another good example of a uh a building that just kind of has that castle aesthetic thrown to it. But because it has that aesthetic, it looks kind of castle-ike. He was like it's a castle when in reality it it cannot function the way a authentic medieval castle was supposed to function. And that's where we come to >> the other definition of castle that I've come to which is a stricter um academic definition of what a castle is according to what they were in the medieval period. And and that is also a fun kind of, you know, um definition to try and nail down because I have one that that encompasses most of the buildings that would have been referred to as castles in the medieval period, but not all of them. >> Um >> and uh but before I, you know, jump the gun, I'm interested to hear what your definitions are because I've been rambling on and stuff. >> Oh, no. I'm I'm I'm enjoying it. I I think I think um you're absolutely right that krenellations on anything seems to be the seems to be used often as the but that a good >> uh justification for somewhere like Ripley. Um certainly and and and I think the the point of accreditation which is defensively useful. So maybe being on a place you can actually stand not on the roof of the building and being of a height that protects you when you are up there and not h half your you know at your waist that that that doesn't constitute a a genuine krenellation that's a decoration. So I I think that there's a really good well an interesting definition I've come across by a fellow called Charles Omen who wrote uh in the kind of early early 20th century uh about castles and he said that it should be a fortified dwelling with the purpose of defense and residence. So it's not just a defensive place. So, it's not like a maybe a fort where people live there for a military purpose, >> but rather it's somewhere that your lord, your king could live and govern an area, administer an area, entertain people, but then at the same time, it has a defensive purpose that if the lord or king needs to defend his area, he can retreat to there and hold off an attack. >> That to me seems like a at least a start of a a good definition what to >> that's that's exactly what the uh more stricter academic definition that I was about to refer to though I in my study of it I would I actually add an additional um defining characteristic to it and so absolutely correct a fortified residence but I would actually I this one I guess is a personal preference thing I personally add a fortified medieval uh residents. Um because the medieval aspect I think is is quite important to keep the definition solid because there is this discussion about Japanese castles for instance and and like yes they are they are castles in the sense of yes and no this is the thing cuz the things that people call Japanese castles were not always residences. In actual fact, often times the the living residence of this castle structure was separate to this large defensive tower. And that tower was mainly used in a more militaristic kind of um you know application. Not always, but it just shows you that there is a a different kind of um defining characteristics of things that you would call Japanese castles. And even in you I guess in the use of the language whenever someone says castle the thing that comes to people's minds is a medieval building. >> Like whenever you say castle people don't first think of oh a Japanese building. No it's always a a castle is specifically a European medieval you know defined term. And so if we were to then try and define what a castle is because it is so almost exclusively applied to medieval culture, medieval history, medieval period, I then tend to add that that kind of caveat to the stricter definition that is a a fortified medieval residence specifically. And there are other, you know, uh, buildings from other time periods and even other cultures that that are somewhat, you know, comparable, like there, you know, fortifications in India during the same period, other things like that that you could say that they're they're very they're very similar to castles. And you could even call them a castle, but you add that caveat. Well, this is specifically a Japanese castle, a distinctly different type of castle to what is really a true castle. And if you don't have any caveat to the word castle, my opinion is that without that caveat, it is distinctly a medieval type of building. What are your thoughts on my theory or you know proposal there? Yeah, I it's interesting because you know launching Pen Dragon and trying to restore castles, one of the things people have said to us is actually we will support you providing that you're actually restoring a medieval building and not not something which is later even if it is a defensive residence. Uh so that is very much the imag what what's conjured by the word castle and I I think it it does reflect something distinctive in that Gothic style and um something which is a is a unique kind of building which to stretch it further uh or in a broader time period and and location. I think it's important what you said about it being Europe or Christrysendom perhaps. Well, yes, because there's crusader castles which are specifically not in Europe, but they were built a lot of them were built by Europeans that that's a fun more complex subject as well because you have the fortifications that were left over from the you know Bzantium when they had you know more control over uh the Middle East holy land kind of area. they lost um control over that with you know the kind of Middle East nations expanding um and taking over those fortifications and and so we you know crusader castles are an interesting one I I feel because a lot of them were built by you know Europeans stuff like that in the same style especially when they came back in the crusades and then revamped a lot of those older Byzantine fortifications into uh actual Europe European castles like these are effectively European castles built by Europeans and stuff like that. They deserve to be included in in what a castle is. Absolutely. Even though by geography or location, it's not medieval Europe specifically. >> I I want to um maybe add something on this as well in that >> the Gothic architectural style, >> one of the interesting things about it is it lacks it tends to be anti-perfectionism. And you certainly see this with cathedrals, but I think you see this with a lot of castles as well, that it's not about being the most perfect symmetrical um uh building, and it's not about um having sublime harmony, which is typical of like classical architecture. It's actually, oh, we're going to put a tower here, and we'll have a tower here. And it although they have a purpose, there tends to be a lot of irregularity in in castles. Uh and so I think they are very typical of the Gothic in a way that some some of them do have a bit more symmetry. I'm not trying to deny that. Like Barus might be a good example of >> Bal Marus is exactly the one I was thinking of. But those do tend to be the exceptions rather than the norm because so much of castle design was determined by geography. the the specific location it was placed on. And because they focus on higher elevations, hills, they more often had to adapt and build the castle to the location to follow the line of the hill. Um, and if you broke it down, you can find symmetrical kind of components or components that end up being a little more symmetrical like the central keeps, you know, >> um, especially Norman keeps and things like that. They they to tend to have a fairly you know consistent spectral thing but that's like one component of a larger structure that it you could almost call it haphazard but it's not random but they're following the the dictates of the geography to get the most advantageous you know effective defensible layout that they could when building it on that on that location. Mhm. I I've got a few uh images of some some buildings which are called castles and so we [laughter] can kind of we can kind of see and I've got a good one for the start. This this is I'm pretty solid on this one. >> Can I I want I'm wondering because there there is a hill fort that is called a castle and I forget the name of it. Is it Maiden Hill or something? Something I >> Maiden Hill is the one. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. Where it's LIKE IT'S IT'S NOT A CASTLE. IT'S A HILL FORT BUT IT'S CALLED A CASTLE AND IT'S ALWAYS BUGGED [laughter] ME. SO, we've got one we've got arguably one of the most famous Canaravan here. Yeah. You you've been here yourself. I I think this very firmly fits your definition. >> Oh, 100%. 100%. >> And uh because people tend to think I think that the Welsh castles, well, they were just military outposts of the of the Plantaginets, but actually um you know, Edward II is born, I believe, in in Canavvin. So it was a site of the royal court and it was an administration center for the whole of Wales for for the for Edward. So it was more than just a soldiers camps in Wales. It was actually a seat of government, a seat of court. >> Yeah. And perhaps we should try and I guess expand a bit on what it means by residence because people might say like >> you know, oh the king owns it but he didn't live there. But the thing is though he would either have a lord or a castallion or someone who would be living there uh right and using it as a residence. And when we say residence it's because you can say well well I mean in a military for fortress uh you have entire military regiments living there. is like, "Okay, if we define residence as someone who lives there with their family specifically where their children are born, raised, everything, and that it's a and it's an actual like proper home for a family, as their primary residence, even if they don't necessarily own it, if it's owned by a king, but if it is being used as a actual dwelling that people live in, that qualifies it as a residence. And then if it's fortified and medieval, it is there." And when I say fortified, properly fortified, functionally fortified. Um, it can qualify as an authentic castle then. >> I I think that fair. I think that's fair cuz there is one >> exception even to that and I wonder if you'll bring it up. So, I have it in the back of my head. Um, and I and I do wonder if you'll bring it up. uh because it's called a castle and even I I I cannot really >> push myself to not call it a castle because it's such a castle, but I'm not sure if it was ever used as anyone's per like personal residence. I'm interested if you'll bring it up. If you don't, I will then uh uh share it. But I'm we'll see. We'll see. >> I'll need to rack my brains for that. I'll see if I can find it. But I I I maybe I I want to add maybe one one extra bit which I don't necessarily think is essential but I think it is part of our imagination of castles and a lot of their history. We've been we've been mentioning it already, but most castles uh at least in in Britain and I I think elsewhere as well, uh they belonged to either the king, they were a royal castle, and the kings tended to have several castles across the country in strategic places uh where they could um you know control large areas or respond to to threats whether internal or external. And then you get baronial castles which tend to be one castle in an area for that lord and he can kind of dominate that area. And so these are seats of power. >> They're not >> it's not just any family and it's not just a country retreat. These are actually the places which both in terms of force but also just in terms of governance and and law and order you know the these become places where dungeons are and courts are. So to me when we talk about residence it's actually a very um you could even qualify it with a very specific form of residence which is actually >> like a powerful residence uh in an area. So I you're absolutely correct that most castles were centers of some type of um judicial you know governance or authority. My only kind of hesitation about making that a a firm part of the definition is the idea of the fortified mana houses of the period where you had you know e even just um like higher they were certainly amongst the higher end of the middle class you know craftsman tradesmen that that ended up getting a lot of money and then they got a license to krenolate um and they were when license accreditations were necessary sometimes they would just had the money and they could do it right where they fortified their home uh to protect their own holdings and and uh from bandits and other things like that. And and when I see like like some of these fortified mana houses, I I really do think like gosh they're basic they are castles functionally, but they do they do lack that kind of seat of government, you know, or judicial power authority, >> but they kind of hit every other definition and use case for it. And and for me, I do consider those castles. And so that's why if if we force in that that that they have to be seats of judicial you know power of some type then we have these buildings that are very very castle league like excluded from the definition in the period which is why why like it gets more complex as soon as you add additional caviar which are very valid because most castles absolutely were places of some measure of judicial authority but not necessarily in every use case. if we consider what a the functional type of building they are, you know. >> No, I think I think that's fair. I think that's fair. Um maybe we could say it's the norm, but not always. >> Yes. Yes. Exactly. Yeah. >> So, let I'm not quite sure what's next. What screen is next? So, let's see. >> Okay. So, this is >> Yes. So, um Hrien's wall. What you will find uh along Hadrien's wall is you've got your main forts like Vindelana which is where the the main centers of governance and control and trade were taking place but then every so often every mile there is what is called what has been called a mile castle and it would be a small outpost like this uh with maybe like about I I think like a 30 men 40 men something like that uh and they would stationed here so they could respond to any immediate threats before the main force from the forts would come along. Uh and because it's called mile castle and it's krenolated people would say well is this actually an early form of castle? Is it something which >> could fit? Now from our definition it wouldn't fit the medieval that's certain. It wouldn't fit the residence because it's it's a military outpost. It does fit the fortified bit, but the other two it doesn't. >> But could we see it as a genitor perhaps? >> Yes. Like I would I would almost call the these types of buildings uh proto castles. I think that would be a fair distinction where they are clearly part of one of the original Genesis evolutions where castles were clearly adapted from later on. uh cuz they you know like in terms of design philosophy this is where they got the idea of krenellations essentially was Roman fortifications that they uh either um >> repurposed or saw and realized that's their function because they're still being used and it's like well we're going to repurpose that and and build our own >> and so yes absolutely because another type of building that um um falls into I like almost a very close like definition or or use case for what a castle is, but because they don't fall into the stricter definition, they wouldn't be considered a true medieval castle. And I mean, it's very obvious like this isn't a medieval building. And so, you couldn't call it a medieval castle. Could you call it a castle loosely? I mean, in the loose application of the term, remember that broad application? Well, yeah. anything that kind of looks castle-like is a castle in the in the broad, you know, um, modern use of the word. But according to the strict, you know, more historically accurate definition, no. No, it's not. And so, let me look this up. Um, ah, here we are. So, have you ever seen the Scottish Brocks? Let me share my screen. >> Yes. Yes. Uh, let me I'll remove this so then you can share it. just sharing now. You might just have to then approve it. Yeah. Right here. The the Scottish Brs fascinating structures. Now, they don't have krenellations. Uh and so that that that's you know a thing against them, but everything else like a a central fortified residence, right? Um surrounded by sometimes even a curtain wall uh was like these are what I would also call um a proto form of castle essentially. Uh not not a not a like a true medieval castle, but one of those [clears throat] types of structures that are uh yeah, one of the progenitors of what eventually became to be the authentic medieval castle. >> I was fortunate enough to see one in Ornne a few years ago. >> Oh, really? And I mean there a lot of it was still remaining and the walls are so thick like you're not getting through those walls and uh the essentially like it's a real stronghold that that area. >> They've got multiple kind of gateways as it were made of stone with stone um kind of blocking them and uh multiple levels to them too. There was like two some had three levels upwards. uh and the chief would be resident there. So it was it was um it was quite incredible and and they were placed in lots of strategic places around the island dominating hills and uh key food um growing places and so on. >> Just amazing buildings. Uh >> that fascinating and a lot of them were like uh built without mortar. They're just dry stone. I think all of them were built that way actually. uh and just fascinating, intriguing types of buildings which uh yeah like I'm happy to kind of put under the the adjacent umbrella almost like you have the strict umbrella and then there's this closer ring of like um very castlelike buildings and I'm happy to include even Japanese castles under that. They're castle adjacent really. Uh very close but not exact not exact in the strictest definition. What's kind of interesting to me as well about about that is so so they they you know they're primarily in Scotland and Ireland and they are a kind of gic form of architecture during that period the Iron Age. Um, but what you get in these contexts as well later in the medieval period is you don't tend to get massive fortifications in these places in part because it's so so divided and and uh there aren't that many uh got there's not there's not a lot of wealth compared to somewhere like England or France in these regions and it's just not practical. So you get a lot of peel towers and uh >> Oh yes, peel towers. >> And I feel like this is actually in a way it's quite similar to the Brock, you know, it's a single standing building, a very large and imposing, but it doesn't have necessarily a curtain wall, doesn't have krenellations, >> and it doesn't, you know, it doesn't have a gateway as such. Uh, so you know, does this I see this as an evolution of the Brock in terms of the the philosophy of these people who are building these. This one's from the southwest of Scotland and the debatable lands which were so so rough and rowdy, the clans there, that neither the Scots nor the English really wanted to to be responsible for governing it. and and my ancestors come from this area. Uh cattle raiders, you know, does this count as a castle >> for me? I actually do include peel towers in uh in the definition like uh it's a residence and it is fortified now cuz that's the interesting like like cuz we talked about krenellations like krenellations you know the qualifying thing in some aspects I would say they they can be considered but not necessarily like the the beginning point of fortification for a building is basically uh when you are able to stop anyone that you don't want getting in uh and so that's when the windows start to get smaller on the lower levels. uh and uh and as soon as you kind of have that it's like all right I would consider that a fortified type of of building uh even in the the beginning form and there are kind of a I got some examples maybe if I can bring up my own image references >> they tend one level of defense they have is that they have very little on the ground floor often >> and uh this meant that say the castle raiders have come by the local clan is on the war path and raiding the area, you can pull your ladder up to the first floor and there's basically very little way of actually getting up there from the inside. So, even if they break into your into your peel tower, you're pretty much safe higher up. Now, of course, they might try to to burn you out or undermine you in some way. >> Yeah. Yeah, >> there's a the the level of um the likelihood of them trying that when they're not really there to do more than than raid >> is, you know, it's it's it's a good prevention. Uh yeah. Okay. I see you've got yours yours. >> Yeah. So, this is an example of a towerhouse. Um and I think this one might be called Glimingus or something. I But bad pronunciation. And so, okay, like this one is right on the line, isn't it? Because it's like, >> could you justifiably call this a castle? It's like, but but but then I mean some of these window like clearly they no window access on the bottom level. Uh even I would even consider some of these windows arrow loops. And it's like okay like if you if you got a structure that is completely like you know locked off essentially from anyone really busting in against your will and an ability to fight back, shoot back, repel an attackers even if you don't have krenellations. But if you have an ability to repel those attackers, that qualifies as some legitimate fortification on the building. And that gets it over the line for me. In that sense, I'll be like, okay, yes, it's on the line, but I would just let this one creep into the castle definition. And and that's where we get to the tower houses. And I've got some other examples like I think this one is one of one in Scotland. Um, again, like I'm not sure if if it had krenellations on top, definitely. But even if not, these are these are very identifiable arrow loops right there. And so it's like >> you can now fight back um from attackers. Uh this is a one of more classic peel towers. I forget the name of it. Um yeah, I these are castles. I I would include them as castles. I I think I think maybe perhaps one aspect which is in which maybe differs them beyond their size and an extension is that where is I [snorts] this is going to sound a bit strange but I think some castles are not just defensive but they're actually offensive >> in terms of their >> their how you defend them is actively like you're able to actively attack your opponent. You're able to >> Exactly. that that's why I think like I I kind of actually do include that as a part of the essential part of being a fortification. A fortification is not just stopping people getting in, but it's an ability for you to >> shoot back fight back at the attacker. And if it's not that, it's just kind of like, you know, a square brick without it where you just hide in. That's not a proper fortification in that sense. and and because you know a castle is a fortified medieval residence in my mind uh if it doesn't qualify for being properly fortified it doesn't then qualify for being an authentic castle um and so it needs that ability to fight back and if it has that oh look I think this is the one you were showing right here um >> then if it if it has that uh then I would say yes it qualifies as a castle. What's interesting about this one, you can see right in the corner here, it has those kind of like fake metriculations just there for the aesthetic. Um uh because you know it's funny how you know so much in castle design were first put on for functional you know valid reasons for that fortified quality but they also ended up looking really aesthetically nice and people then just kind of wanted the illusion to that to keep the aesthetic there but not going all the way and that's what we see here and there's I forget the name of the castle uh is it Kiddwelli it might be Kiddwelli Castle that has a lot of >> the um Outlaw King, right? And uh that's the couple they used, I think, in the in in the >> It might be. Let me let me look it up. Is it Kid Willie? Let me >> Because they also had krenellations, which were at the guy's waist. >> He's looking the English army and you're like, "Yeah, he he wouldn't be doing that in this castle." >> Yes, it is Kidwell. I got it right. I'll uh share my screen again. Um, it's like I I've got so many castle references, but if you look along the line here, you see these kind of almost aesthetic, these fake metriculations that are just there to give the illusion of it. But I mean, everything else on the castle is most like you can see the size of the krenellations and stuff. It's uh it's interesting that even on real like legit castles uh they have some of these aesthetic elements that they just kind of added in that aren't real they're not functional but it's just cuz these are beautiful buildings beautiful buildings too and so often times they would go out of the way just to add that little that little flare. Um >> and do you think it would um deceive anybody at the time as well? No, no, I don't think it really did cuz like you can see that they're just so small. He's like, um, I need a good picture up. I'm looking for a high resolution picture. Um, cuz you can kind of see them on the side here. Oh, yeah. Look right around there. Yeah. Yeah, there we go. And so, yeah, Kid Willy has them all throughout. Uh, but it's pretty obvious just by, you know, even a casual look. It's like >> those not they're not real meticulations, you [laughter] know. So, Um but it is interesting to say like to show that no no even like you know these aesthetic one you know nods to them were even in the medieval period. These weren't just later kind of things that you know happened. Uh just a interesting interesting thing to to notice. >> I have um a couple more examples and then we can then we can move on to another another topic. So this one I I think it's it's pretty safe in our definition. Uh Bodium Castle which is quite famous. >> Bodium. Yep. [clears throat] >> Now the reason why I put this in there is uh now I know there's a quite a bit of debate about how functional these fortifications and defenses are. Um some people will argue for example that although there's this lovely moat, it's very shallow. So it could be drained very easily. >> Yeah. And and it's even [clears throat] on like it has an embankment that if you just dug out the side of the embankment, you would drain the entire thing uh completely. But even if you did that, you still have a very because the water would be gone. You have this large ridge then before you even reach the the entry point which you would still have a you know a drawbridge over and you've essentially turned it into a dry moat. And dry moes are just they're a common feature of many castle designs and so water is not an essential thing. Um uh and so just by the fact that yes, you could drain it without too much difficulty doesn't disqualify its functional ability of being a proper fortification and therefore a castle. >> I I think that I think that's fair that the even if it was a bad fortification, it's still there. it still constitutes it because so another another argument that's made is these these loops here are not actually big enough for the >> for firing or or or releasing arrows or firing guns across the moh now some people have said no it is it is possible to do that but it kind of suggested well is this really for defense or is it aesthetic but I think the thing that quenches it is actually the chap who built this uh in the I want [snorts] to say in the 15th century 14th century perhaps he had to get a license from the king to krenolate it. So uh you know that in itself seems to seems to win it over and it was around the time where there was a fear that France might invade. Oh yeah. And like I've seen far worse. We've even looked like some of these tower houses. They don't have krenellations on them at all. Uh and we're willing to qualify them as castles just by the fact that they have an ability to repel any invader. And uh Bodium has that like in spades in comparison. It might not be as as efficient as some of the best design castles, but it still has that function 100%. So one one more you've already mentioned ite which uh you know it has an interesting history you know it's built built by uh Levik II of Barbaria he's very inspired by Richard Vagnner's operas and kind of wants to create his own Valhalla and and inside is beautiful gorgeous rooms uh in very much uh in keeping with the operas the the Lagrin the Swan Knight and Parciful and Tristan and is old. There's all these murals of them and uh so he he's he wants it to be a mythological place, something like you know what the Disney castles are based on. >> Mhm. Yeah. >> And so when we think of castles, this can often be the kind of thing which we actually imagine uh >> in the romantic sense. >> In the romantic sense. And I would even go as far as saying that a lot of video games when they design castle I think of something like Dark Souls. I think with all of these sorts of turrets and so on, [clears throat] >> this is very much an influence on something like Dark Souls. Yes. In a in a way, >> but it doesn't fit with our definition at all, is it? >> Yeah. But there's a there's multiple points where it doesn't fit. It's it's not medieval. It wasn't built in the period. Uh it's not fortified. Like a lot of this is just aesthetics, you know, kind of uh illusions to they're not real miculations. A lot of them aren't even real krenellations. uh very large windows on the lower level. They're not actual kind of arrow loops even. And so [snorts] >> it it it could barely barely function as what a medieval castle was supposed to function as. Um >> was it a palace? Yes. Uh was it could it be used as a seat of governor? Yes. And there are other does it does it have the look? is clearly made to have the illusion of what, you know, the illusionary elements of those, you know, what castle was. >> But is it a a true castle? It's not. It's not a true castle or what I would even consider like a real castle. But it depends like when I say real, it's like what definition are you appealing to? I'm appealing to the correct definition when I say real. But I think it's fair to have sub definitions. And so like for instance, Fantasy Castle, I think Fantasy Castle is like like an actual valid definition you could appeal to, uh, where it's not made to be a functional real castle, but it's made to look like a this majestic castle like building that pretends that it could exist in that period, but not really. And and that's where I have that qualification of a fantasy medieval castle. And Normanstein is almost the archetypical example of that. Not only that, it's often used as the primary reference point in so many fantasy castles like especially Disney Disney and the Disney castle itself. >> Nostein and a the name will come to me later. It's a it's a classic very late period French castle. Um ah it's completely God I've referenced in multiple videos uh but it's this gorgeous castle and it'll come to me later but it's it's Noenstein and this other French castle clearly like late French style and when I say I mean very late to early Renaissance kind of uh castle design when you have a look at that you could clearly see well the Disney castle was definitely inspired uh by that >> one one thing I will say in its defense as Well, is and you you did me you did mention this is that it is a seat of the king or the juke >> and it is the place where in many ways the court >> the you could you could trace perhaps a continuity of the court with somewhere like here and the medieval castles and indeed when we think of uh the romances which often don't focus on combat so much as the intrigues of the court and the moral challenges surrounding portly love and and so on. Somewhere like this would just be be just as fitting uh as >> as um Bodium or uh Canavvin, but it doesn't have that military dimension to it. Uh so >> I remember the castle. >> Oh yes. >> Pier Pierons in France. uh like like in terms of inspiring fantasy castle aesthetic >> uh especially the Disney castle pier fonts and you can even see that like the double line of kind of [snorts] you know krenolated sections on the towers is directly lifted onto the the Disney castle uh and and pons is not the only castle of this kind of late you know French style there's multiple French castles that have very you know like this line of battlements that are enclosed over top and then they enclosed the first line have the double line. There's actually a number of f very late French castles that had this style, but Pierre Fons is basically the most classic current example still existing example of this gorgeous castle aesthetic, you know, design style. Like this is almost the the the the latest kind of evolutionary uh you know design style of castles before they really started to evolve be outside of what we would classically call castles where they were still retaining a lot of their >> core fortified functionality but having like this balance between that and incredible just I guess architectural embellishment and beauty where you know where where they they be go when they go beyond that and they start to just build only for aesthetics and you get the shadows and stuff. It's like pieron still has that fortified functional quality to it. Uh still before they just move past that and just it's all kind of an illusion to the the actual fortified validity or function that they originally had essentially. Um, >> maybe a a clue as well. This isn't I wouldn't say this is part of the definition, but I think it's a clue for these places >> is that they don't tend to have a curtain wall as such. So, that would be a little if you were trying to spot something or >> Yes, I there are >> there are a lot of castles in period that don't have out external curtain walls where they were just like a fortified building. Peel Towers is a great example, especially the Peel Towers that have they're almost like Norman Keeps to some points with just out without a wall. Um, and and I think even you can go to some of the earliest period castles. Uh, where because people often refer to the like Mton Bailey as some of the first first castles, right? >> In some cases, it was just the Mott with the with the tower on it without a Bailey, but it was still someone's residence. And like and so even um um Chepto Castle like that was one of the first ones that William the Conqueror got you know started to build right uh and like the early lower part. So we can clearly see that it's based on Roman kind of architectural principles and it looks like to me that that that they just started with the tower. They might have had maybe a wooden palisade around that central thing, but especially by location and the choice of where they put it. The the the external walls uh on Chepsto in my opinion, they were not attached to that tower when they were first built. They were later additions. Uh because as soon as you add those those additional walls, the location of the tower itself is in a very poor location. Um because it's on this thin ridge that actually fans out on either end. And so the the ridges on either end have enough surface area to place the tower within a curtain wall and have a proper curtain wall around it. >> And so if you're building it with that philosophy in mind, you wouldn't have built it where it currently is. But if you're building just the like with the tower by itself, >> the best location for just a tower without a curtain wall is on this very the most narrow part of this kind of ridge that Chepso is on. uh and as a result that's why I think the tower was only built there as a singular kind of >> fortified building uh and and that is the best pot spot for a single building but as soon as you would consider external uh fortifications like a curtain wall it's in one of the worst positions to place the keep uh and and that's why I think like that's an example of um some of the there are examples of yes some of the earliest types of castles that were just single fortified buildings without much consideration with external curtain walls or fortifications. I do think curtain walls are absolutely a very important part of castle design and philosophy. We just see enough examples where they're not like they're not present um to include that as the stricter kind of, you know, def defining aspect, I guess. >> Well, I I think we've hammered out a good definition here and we've given lots of examples. Um, I'll be interested though if anybody in the comments or in the chat comes up with some counter example that >> I have one I have I I have the exception the Crack Chevair Crack the Chev crusader castle. Uh, >> here we go. >> Here we go. So to my understanding, this was primarily built by the crusaders as a military fortress to uh help maintain control over a region. Uh and although there was like you know um certain captains of certain nightly orders that uh I guess lived there, I need to know if they raised their families there or not. If they raised their families, I would then okay, yes, that can qualify as someone's legitimate residence. But for most of its use cases, it was a military fortress and not necessarily a p someone's personal residence. But oh gosh, it is like it's not only is it like, you know, got so many castle. It's it's such a great example of many different aspects of certain types of castle designs like the um um Oh, my brain just went dead again. Uh it's the is it the crucififor castle or uh concentric? It's a it's a concentric castle with a outer wall surrounding an internal wall. All right. Uh but also that that the outer wall is functioning as a type of retaining wall as as the actual hill line goes up. Uh and so the [clears throat] the the the actual land like the the flat that you get to walk behind there is on a higher elevation behind there which gives you a lot of room to move around which is really intriguing and ingenious kind of aspect. You got um you've got bastion towers and then full towers and uh it it's it's got so many awesome aspects in terms of castle design, the Cracker Chevair. But is it strictly a castle in the in the strictest definition? I I don't know. [laughter] I don't know. I I think this is where the difficulty comes in terms of the uh you know we as we were saying earlier most castles belong to a king or or baron >> but here we've got a military order. >> Yes. And they fall outside of these these things because they well they they're one of these these strange organizations which seem you know seem to exist in the medieval period which doesn't fit within our easy categories of the private individual and the state. They're not a business. Well that they are a business but not in that way. >> You know it's not a monastery but it's kind of like a monastery. It's uh warrior monkesque um you know living by a code but there's so much more to it and political and power I guess my question is so so there's another castle that you've you've made me think of um uh uh Malbour Castle in Poland >> on that note on that note uh what do I have right here castle ready to go [laughter] cuz that's exactly another one of those like right with the back to Chevier. It's like [laughter] >> this is where the Tutonic Knights are based, right? And after their their kind of great crusades in the in the east against uh the Lithuanians, the Polish who were um heathens at that time, uh pagans. Uh what what's interesting about here though is it becomes the seat of all operations for Alport Castle. uh it becomes the seat of operations for the Tutonic order after the fall of the order in in the holy land and it becomes the the place where it governs from both its order but also the land around it. So I think that you could say well it it's essentially functioning as if there was a lord or a noble here >> but it's an order who play that role but I don't know if you could say the same about crack >> exactly like when it comes to malbour it's far more likely that especially like the highest you know ranking member the the the lord of the castle essentially that got to you know govern and rule over it was raising his family there that it was functioning as his residence and that would then qualify by Malber as like a under the strictest definition of a fortified medieval residence then yes the cracked chev is the question where I'm not sure that happened but like a lot of these knights went on crusade and left their family behind um >> uh those a lot of them married in the region as well and then raised families there um and so yeah like the cracked chev is a question because then you have that added kind of like if we're going by the strictest strictest definition crusader castles aren't they weren't built in in Europe, medieval period, but not location, but built by medieval Europeans. Um, and so I was like, I I guess in my in the loose references, I do refer to the Cracker Chev as a castle. Uh, if we were being the the most pedantic super, you know, specific about it, there's a question mark on it. Um, but it doesn't matter if you go to the loose modern definition of castle where anything that looks like a castle is a castle. And yeah, like not only is a cracked chev castle, anything that has the look of it is also a castle. To the mo to most people, most people in the world when they just see something that looks castle-like, it's a castle and they refer to it as a castle. So, >> absolutely. Absolutely. Well, I think I I'm going to say it's a castle. We'll put it as an asterisk, you know. >> Yeah. like like a cast asterisk castle like a you know an honorary castle. It is so close that we're happy to just bring it in as a as the honorary kind of yeah you get to be included. You might be outside the definition by the smid tiniest smidge but you're so close we're willing to give you that that that you know charity. Before we get to the question of the Mword, the Mword, I have another Mword just to to promote, and that is that the Ben Dragon Foundation in October released our first magazine, which features articles all about uh our approach to restoring castles and why we think that's important. And there's lots of interesting historical articles as well and some romantic fiction about castles, too. And so if you're looking for a way to support what we're doing in a small way, uh I think they cost about 10 quid plus postage, then get yourself one of these. I think they're we're nearly run out of our second second run of them, but there'll be more. If there's more orders, we will deliver. So go over to pendragon.foundation. Uh or you can go to willilings.com, which is our distributor. They do great work. Uh and the Corncra magazine has helped us do this. So yes, buy one of these or as it's Christmas, get a 2026 calendar. 2026 calendar. We've got lovely paintings by people like Turner and Constable of lots of British castles. So yes, you can go and get one of those, too. >> This was such a great discussion I had with Nathan. So I do hope you all go check out the Pentagon Foundation and check out the full live stream which is on their YouTube channel. There is a link in the description below. And as always, thank you for watching. [music] Heat.