Around January of 2025, I began looking into building out what's called an ADU or a detached dwelling unit, which essentially allows you to take an old structure and turn that into a completely separate living quarters. Like, I calculated that I could spend about $220,000 build a two-bedroom, one-b 700 ft home rent it out at market rates, and I've just added muchneeded inventory to the housing market. Someone gets a great place to stay, and I'm able to invest my money back into the housing market for a decent return. How bad could it possibly be? >> How, bad, could, it, possibly, be?, A, question asked about California's regulatory and housing policy. And of course, we all know from the jump that the answer to this is exactly what Graham is about to say. Worse than you can imagine. >> How, bad, could, it, possibly, be?, Well,, I'll tell you. A nightmare. >> So,, this, is, Graham, Stefen., And, I'm actually quite fond of Graham's content. He happens to be a finance YouTuber over on the internet.com. And one of the reasons why I'm a big fan of Graham is a I like personal finance. You guys know that I'll try to sneak in advice here and there in certain videos, but in addition to that, I also enjoy playing the credit card game. In fact, many of you out there in the audience are under the impression that I happen to be super rich, super loaded from my YouTube.com channel, which obviously is 100% true. Look at this brick wall. That is real legitimate brick right there. Obviously that costs money, but you use as evidence me flying first class international when in reality I paid about $192 for this flight right here where I'm fully laying down totally relaxed and I look like I am returning to Earth from my home planet of Krypton. And the reason for that, the reason I was able to do that is because I enjoy the credit card game. And in part, I learned the credit card game from YouTubers like Graham Stefen. Now, of course, Graham is no stranger to clickbait on his channel. He is often making a really sad face with numbers going down or something of the sort. However, the video that we're going to talk about today is actually as dramatic as the thumbnail in question. And the reason for that is because Graham tried to take advantage of a California program where you could repurpose an existing structure, build it out into an apartment unit that is supposedly supposed to make California more affordable to the average person. So yes, Graham was trying to build an apartment on the cheap in order to rent to a regular ordinary family. However he basically got hit with a ton of bricks, aka the California regulatory environment. And since we talk about housing so often on this channel, I think it's great for us to look at somebody who has the money to cover this in pocket, who's ready to go, who understands the business of property, go up against the regulatory environment and decide that not only does he never want to build anything in the state of California ever again, but he actually wants to start selling off his properties in his portfolio due to the fact that this experience was so awful. So, this is what we're going to talk about today. But before we do, I want to thank everybody who supports this channel via actualjusticewarrior.com/join. I >> give, me, the, money., Give, you, give, me, the money. Okay. >> Basically,, my, entire, philosophy, was this. I would only buy the properties that no one else wanted to live in because they required so much work. I'm talking brand new kitchens, bathrooms floors, paint, landscape, roof, and so on. I would fix it up. I would move in as a primary residence and then I would later rent it out when I saved up enough money to buy something else. For me, I just thought this was my path forever. Like, there's something really special about buying something undesirable and then making it look brand new again without just turning it into one of those awful gray IKEA renovations that you see every developer slap together in a weekend. And usually when I'm buying a property in Los Angeles, I'm spending anywhere between 50 to sometimes more than $200,000 sprucing it up. So, the beginning of this video has a small distillation of Graham Stefen's story. I highly recommend you watch the whole thing in its entirety. But the reason I decided to show you that clip right there is I wanted you to see what this guy did in order to make himself wealthy. He ended up buying up properties that basically nobody wanted. He refurbished said properties, made them nice again, rented them out. And of course, because Graham follows the philosophy that many small landlords follow, he's not somebody who's trying to raise rent to the absolute maximum. Because when you have a tenant that pays on time consistently, in reality, it's better to just keep that tenant there in order to avoid the hassle of somebody moving out and then you have to find a new tenant and then you have vacancy and whatnot. And it's a good philosophy for a landlord to have. And in my experience as somebody in the city of New York this is essentially what I've dealt with my whole entire life. Landlords are hesitant to raise rent. And the reason they're hesitant to raise rent is because in reality, they don't want to have to deal with another tenant especially if you're proving to pay on time. But of course, Graham ends up noticing a lot of things getting significantly worse in the state of California and in the Los Angeles area. He talks about quality of life issues and whatnot, but he also talks about the eviction moratorum. And while he says he personally didn't have to deal with tenants refusing to pay because they put a three-year eviction moratorum in the state of California on all apartments he knows about other people who have had to deal with tenants who just ended up stiffing their landlord. And by the way I've actually heard a story of a lady whose father's entire investment was in like a triplex and every single tenant in that triplex or two out of three, I don't remember the story exactly stopped paying as soon as the pandemic hit, which ultimately ended up leaving the landlord in a lot of trouble because again, he didn't believe in the stock market as Graham outlines with his hypothetical example right here. Like despite this idea that landlords are these rich obligarchs drinking champagne on their yachts, the reality is that most landlords are mom and pop people who rely on that income to help supplement their expenses. Some of them are accidental landlords who had to rent out their home because they could no longer afford it. Some people are renting out houses that have been passed down from generations. Some people have also just diligently saved for sometimes decades to be able to buy a property in the first place because they don't trust the stock market. And of course, the landlord is still responsible for the mortgages. The landlord is still responsible for the maintenance. And in a state like California, you could end up in a whole bunch of different situations if you're not upkeeping the property enough where you become liable for fines and whatnot. And it's just a chaotic situation. Now, while that should have been taken as a warning sign by Graham that California is definitely closed for business, he decided that because he believed in building more housing because he thought it was a solid investment that he was going to participate in a program where you can get permitted to change an existing structure into an apartment in order to a have a good investment, but b also add more inventory to the market where it's desperately needed in Los Angeles only to be smacked in the face repeatedly. by Los Angeles regulators. And again, this story is absolutely perfect as an example of why rents are so high in places like California because in reality, the city and the state do everything and anything possible to punish you for trying to build something. So, we start off with something rather simple, which of course is the building permit process in the city of Los Angeles. Now, this process only took 3 months for Graham Stefen to get approved. However, I will point out for those of you who are familiar what's going on in the Palisades, this actually can be significantly longer depending on what area of Los Angeles and of course whether or not you have as much money as Graham and you're as on top of the process as he is and what you actually want to do because my experience has been absolutely awful dealing with the city of Los Angeles. Let's talk about the permitting process. That took us about three months to get approved which required me to also pay more than $4,000 in permit fees to the city before even breaking ground. But you know what? Fine. That's to be expected. We're building something new. Whatever. I paid it and once that was approved, we began building. That process went pretty quickly. Really within a few months, it was almost done. And by the time July rolled around, I found someone who was willing to move in and take it September 1st. >> So,, he's, actually, not, complaining, about this. And for those of you who think that the $4,000 permit is actually pretty high, while the average in the state of Texas is $1,500, if you look at different cities and municipalities, the $4,000 range is actually not that bad compared to what Austin would charge you. And again, a lot of it is dependent on the size of the structure that you're trying to build. Now, in this particular case, we're talking about a 700 ft tiny home, something that Los Angeles is specifically trying to incentivize for you to build. So, you would think it would be less if it's based on the square footage, but we all understand Los Angeles expensive city. And again Graham has not gotten to his complaints as of right now. However, in order for a tenant to move in, you need what's called a final inspection so that they could issue what's called a certificate of occupancy, which basically says that the city has come. They've looked at the unit and they say it is now legally deemed as a habitable structure. Great. We're the final stretch. Should be easy. Now, after 2 weeks of delays, the inspector comes and fails the unit because the AC condenser doesn't have the proper drain line. And this is where things take a turn for the worst. When the inspector failed the unit, my contractor says, "Oh, perfect. I can install it right now. It'll take about 10 to 20 minutes and then you could pass it because that's the only thing you wanted." But this inspector said, "Hey sorry. It's Friday. It's like 4:30 p.m. This is my last one. I'm going to have to come back again next week." So, I'm going to tell you guys a little secret. If you don't live in a major metropolitan area, or if you do live in a major metropolitan area, but you do not work in any kind of business at all whatsoever, these inspectors are the death of creativity. They are the death of moving quickly. They are the death of being able to do absolutely anything at any point in time because essentially what they view their job as is finding something wrong with whatever your business is and extracting money from you. Now, I have had friends that have had restaurants, worked in food service and one of the things that they find to be absolutely frustrating is the fact that whenever the health inspector comes, if their property and their restaurant is like pretty much perfectly clean, it doesn't have any violations one of the things that they will discover through the course of the inspection, is that the health inspector will find them for an arbitrary rule on something like the position of the paper towels in the kitchen or in the bathroom. and that will somehow result in them having to pay thousands upon thousands of dollars. But the thing is you don't actually get a downgraded grade for your paper towels or whatever being in this position. So what ultimately ends up happening is you could try to appeal, get a new inspection to come out to your place of business, but there is a chance that that inspector as a punishment for you not just paying the fine and shutting up will find something or try to find something in order to downgrade your business's health score. And for those of you who are saying, "Well, what about when the business is super dirty? That's why we have health inspectors." Well, in those specific cases, as you can see across the city of New York, and maybe if you live in a left-wing city, you have a similar system, you could just appeal your bad grade repeatedly in order to get new inspectors to come out in order to eventually pass, even if you have absolutely disgusting practices in your particular restaurant. So, the regulatory system is meant to protect you from bad sanitation. But in reality in actuality, they actually just extract funds from the business for arbitrary violations. And when there is something wrong, when there is something to be worried about and they are about to get in my city, they have an ABC grade, a C or a B, you could just appeal it and then they'll send somebody out and then you can appeal that and eventually you can get a good grade. This is why if you ever see a restaurant in the city of New York with a C score, those are people who just don't give a crap at all. whatsoever because you have multiple opportunities in order to beat that letter grade. Okay, fine. So, we tried scheduling the same inspector to come back the following week, but we got bounced around from person to person to person. Nothing was confirmed. And then about a week later, they assigned us a new inspector. Well, this new inspector shows up and we're thinking, ah, this is going to be a piece of cake. It was just this one little drain line that needed to be fixed. He's going to go and look at that, see it's done. Everything else is good to go. But instead, this inspector now notes other things that he wants done that the prior inspector never even required or mentioned. Apparently, I didn't realize that it's pretty common that when you switch inspectors, each one of them has their own requirements that they want done independent of everything else. And every inspector, for the most part, when they're brand new on the project, they just go and mention something to give the appearance, I don't know, that they're doing their job or something. >> So,, there, is, nothing, to, me, that, is surprising about this at all whatsoever. This is how left-wing cities operate. Again, these inspectors are not actually looking for safety violations. They're looking for ways to extract more money from people trying to conduct business. And by the way, I do want to point out I think Graham knew this as well. This is why he tried very hard in order to get the same exact inspector to come out and look at the HVAC unit because he knew intuitively that the state of California would deploy somebody in order to find more things wrong with this particular home. And that's exactly what happened. So anyway, once again, we make all of these new changes. We have to wait another week for him to come back out. And when he shows up again there's even more. This time it's uh well, you know, the unit looks good, but what about the sewer line? We have to go and do a CCTV of the sewer line to make sure it's properly functioning. Now, at this time, by the way, it was past September 1st. The tenant who wanted to move in is unable to move in. And all of these are items that could have been fixed or dealt with weeks or months ago if it was just mentioned. All of it would have been handled far far far in advance. By the way, I want you guys to understand that I'm not against in any way having some kind of safety inspection or anything of the sort. But the thing is, when you get to the point where this is a revenue source and these people who work as these government bureaucrats think that they have to find you in order to justify their own existence, that's where you've gone too far. In addition to that, we will also point out that California and Los Angeles in particular is in a housing crisis. They desperately need to build more units. And again, look at how they treat people who try to take advantage of this new option in order to build new units in the state of California. It really just felt like everything had to be handled in the moment for some reason. So, I was forced to go and spend $600 for a CCTV of the sewer line that had to be done with one of the approved LA city vendors for some reason. So anyway, whatever. I I just want the unit to be done at this point, so I go and pay for it. Yeah, we all know the reason why Los Angeles has a list of approved vendors for this specific sewer surveillance thing. And the reason for that is because those are people that are well-connected politically. You see one of the things that people have lied to you about your whole entire life is this idea that the regulatory state protects you from big business, protects you from established interests. But in reality, as we see with this example right here, it's often a way to rope in existing businesses into something that they would not normally have access to in order to make money. So you have the city finding you incessantly, but in addition to that, they're directing you to specific vendors in order to make good. It's basically a kickback on the people who donate to get these regulations in place in the first place. But of course, it gets worse from here. Well, wouldn't you know it, even though the sewer line functions properly, at the connection in the middle of the street between my sewer line and the city of Los Angeles, there's a little bit of a crack there. And because of that crack, the inspector says that needs to be fixed before they're able to sign off on the unit and issue the certificate of occupancy. On top of that, guess what? Because that sewer line issue occurs in the middle of the city owned street, it is going to be $22,000 to go and fix it. >> So, that's, amazing, right, there., $22,000 and some change in additional costs in order to fix a crack at the connection point with the city owned sewer in the middle of the street. Due to the fact that it's in the middle of the street it costs that much. But if you add up all the little tweaks and repairs that Graham had to make and then you add in the $600 in the surveillance system you're probably in and around and maybe it's even higher, $24,000 in additional costs. Which means if you are going to charge $2,000 a month for rent for this 700 ft apartment or little tiny home whatever you want to call it, that is a year's worth of rent that you are losing out on just based on these additional costs. But Graham's investment was also over $200,000 again on what's supposed to be a quick turnaround. And as he said right there, the easiest part of this particular project was actually building the project. The hardest and most time-consuming part was dealing with the city of Los Angeles. And again, I will point out that Graham has money. He may have taken out a loan for this, but he could have actually fronted the money for this himself out of pocket in order to pay for it. But in reality, if you borrowed money and you're acrewing interest against your investment that you're trying to build out, however they're adding more and more fees, more and more charges, what do you think happens to the person in that position? Obviously, they start to lose money. And this is, by the way, why we hear so many stories about the project being in environmental review or in some kind of other review in a city like Los Angeles and then the financeers walking away or the person who borrowed the money going bankrupt before they clear the regulatory environment. And again, this is by design. You have all these rules and regulations that are put in by existing homeowners. A lot of times they vote for this directly on ballot initiatives in order to limit supply so that their home values can go up. And this is exactly what is going on right here in the background, the political background to Graham's individual case. So in an effort not to delay things even further, I just requested an exemption that basically says, "Hey, this unit's fully done. allow us to rent it out and I promise in writing I will fix the sewer line in the next 60 days. Let's just not delay anything further. The tenant wants to move in. Let's make it easy and I promise I will get the sewer line done. Well, at this point it became impossible to reach the inspector. He just ghosted us. And by the time we heard back, it was, "Hey, yeah, nothing I can do about that. It's now with the city public works and now you got to deal with him." Fine. You know what? Whatever. I'm easygoing. I just want this thing to be done. I just don't want the stress. So, I move forward with the $22,000 sewer line repair. Now, keep in mind at this point, we are well over a month after when the unit should have been signed off. All because the initial inspector didn't want to wait an extra 15 minutes to install an AC condenser line. But then, as soon as I signed the sewer line repair estimate to move forward with the work, I got hit with an I'm absolutely done with this. I am so fed up. I'm over it moment. And that was when they applied to pull the permits with the city to do the work that the city requested. But the city says they won't give me the permits until I give my existing tenants 75 days existing notice that I'm going to be doing work on the sewer line. >> Again,, guys,, this, is, just, punishment, for actually trying to do something in the city of Los Angeles. This is consequences for taking advantage of a program that was introduced in the city of Los Angeles in order to ensure that more properties were built. According to the people that are behind this program they want a bunch of people with money to take advantage of this so that they could replenish the housing stock in Los Angeles. And guess what? 75day delay period. And again, I will just point out if you borrowed the money, if you're acrewing interest, if you were counting on a tenant moving in on September 1st to start to get some cash flow, this is devastating. >> And, as, if, that's, not, bad, enough,, it, gets even more ridiculous. After requesting the 75day exemption, 3 weeks goes by and another city inspector shows up at the property to take a look at the upcoming work. But instead of signing off on it he puts a note on the file that in order to do the sewer line work, I also have to fix 22 feet of the sidewalk in front of the property that was uneven because of root intrusion because of the city-owned tree that now needs to be addressed before I'm able to go and do the work on the sewer line. Oh, and by the way, to fix the sidewalk that's caused by the tree owned by the city, I need to obtain what's called a root trimming permit with the urban forestry department. And that requires another 60-day approval process to trim tree roots. Why? At this point, it just feels like I'm getting pranked. Again, it is very important for you guys to understand that what Graham Stefen, a multi-millionaire YouTuber who has been in the Los Angeles real estate game for a very long time, is dealing with is an expedited process. the exact program that he is engaging with is meant to get fast approval, fast inspections in order to bring those properties to market. But just think about what was just added onto his plate right there. You have the 75day permitting process in order to fix the sewer line that is owned by the city that the city is demanding be fixed in order to inform the tenants of the people around this area that their water will be shut off in the afternoon for a couple of hours. But in addition to that, they drop another inspector on them again weeks later. So we're talking about months of delays that are already built in. We'll just call that 3 months just for the sake of it. And then this person says, "Oh, well the sidewalk, 20 ft of the sidewalk is messed up due to the fact that there's a tree root that's growing there. The city owns the tree. The city owns the sidewalk, but it's your responsibility. So you're going to have to trim that tree root and fix the sidewalk, which of course requires another permit. Remember, they're already from the property department the regular inspector. Then they've went to public works for the sewer. Now they're in the forestry department for this specific tree route. And that's going to take 60 days. And in fact, we will not sign off on your sewer thing until after you deal with this tree root thing. So, what's actually going to happen is you're going to wait the 60 days, get the tree root permit from the forestry department, use one of their approved vendors at exorbitant costs cut the tree route, then you're going to have to repave the sidewalk, level it get an inspector out there, and then 75 days after that, assuming that you got approved for the public works permit you are going to be able to fix the sewer line, which again will make you subject to other inspections. So, we have 2 months in the 60 days. We have 2 and 1/2 months in the 75 days. We have probably 3 months according to Graham's estimate of time from when it was supposed to be ready. So, we're now in and around what like over half a year all just on additional regulatory burden and of course tens of thousands of dollars in cost for a program that California and Los Angeles are supposedly encouraging you to actually engage with. this is something that they want you to do because housing is their number one priority. >> Like,, I'm, ready, to, do, all, the, work, right now. I just I'm I'm over it. I just don't care anymore. So, waiting months now to pull permits, to wait more months to pull permits makes no sense when the unit's otherwise ready and could have been signed off for a little small thing months ago. Well, a tenants's ready to move in and now everything is just delayed in indefinitely. I don't know what they're just going to keep asking for. Now, even though I have a contractor who's doing the best they can, the fact is calls to the city go unanswered. Everything goes to voicemail. Emails take upwards of a week to get a response. Making an appointment in person is practically impossible because they book out weeks in advance. And at this point, I just had to ask myself, is it even worth it? And the answer is no. So, look, Graham is absolutely right. It's 100% not worth it to do business in Los Angeles, except for one specific circumstance, which I'll talk about in just a little bit. However, of course, the Democratic politicians are the people who campaigned against that circumstance even though they are 100% the cause of it. So obviously if you borrowed money for this, if you're paying today's interest rates in order to get this built up, all of that time and all of that additional cost, which by the way earlier on we said at $2,000 a month you're basically adding a year's worth of rent into the process before it's profitable. That doesn't even factor in the interest rates. again if you're borrowing it. So, you're delaying the project's profitability for a very long time, which of course ends up leading to a situation where you're going to want to raise rents in order to make sure you can actually get to that profitability point even earlier. But in addition to that, what Graham doesn't realize because he was just trying to build a regular ass ordinary unit, is that this is why so many California developers when they do build, they build luxury units that are meant to cost a premium in terms of rent. It's because that build for luxury units doesn't actually cost all that much more money in terms of the materials, but due to the government cost, the government imposed cost, you end up having to do this in order to compensate for the steep regulatory burden. And this is how you end up in a situation where California has all of these programs to build quote unquote affordable housing where the costs absolutely explode because all these regulations are exactly what they face when they're building those things. But the private developers are only incentivized in order to build luxury development. So all you really have is the older inventory for everybody in between. But those are the same people that have to deal with diminished supply due to rent control, rent stabilization this permitting process, making bringing units up to code absolutely undesirable. So essentially what Los Angeles is doing is incentivizing more of a housing shortage. And by the way, it's 100% intentional. And again, it should not be surprising. Remember when we went over this debate on Pod Save America between Scott Winer, who by the way in almost all other circumstances as a state legislature is somebody that I cannot stand, versus this local city council woman. And she was talking about all the things that she wanted a building to add and basically threatened them to add even though she had no power over the project in order to make it what the community wanted. And for myself as someone who has um you know gone above and beyond with engaging with developers even when I don't even have that much jurisdiction for example the um executive directive one that our mayor put together um it took away stripped away everything from the council members from being able to engage so to speak um so that it can be done in a much faster way. But, you know, I still went and talked to the developer and made sure that they didn't just build this gigantic thing near transit without remembering that at the end of the day when you build high density um quality of life issues should uh leave that conversation. What do I mean by that? I like to talk to folks about the importance of our multi-unit dwellings uh being built uh to incorporate uh laundry and washer in every unit. I remind them that these are children who are not going to have a front yard or a backyard. So, what are you doing to incorporate some green space? You're going to have seniors um that don't want to just stay indoors. So, what are you doing to create a space for them to also be social and, you know, be able to sit enjoy some shade in the hot LA sun and you know, be able to people watch? And the crazy thing about this woman as she's adding all these different things like mandatory in-unit laundry because you know in a big building having one laundry room not good enough obviously completely uninhabitable if you don't have in-unit laundry. Mandatory outdoor space for seniors to sit. And of course what she ultimately ended up revealing is that she made them cut the project in half from six stories to three stories. >> The, neighbors, didn't, want, it, at, all. >> They, just, didn't, want, the, density., They wanted me to kill it. But by law, I really have no jurisdiction anymore because it's an ED1, right? But we still as a team got together with the developer, the high school across the street, other stakeholders, and instead of building something that was potentially six stories, we got it down to three stories. And we also got the developer to also work with us to make sure that it helps the families of the area. We also said, you know, instead of a ton of office space, we do want you to also incorporate a few more parking lots and EV chargers >> and, that, add, more, parking, spaces, and electric car chargers. Is that these people can say all they want that housing and building housing is their number one priority, but their actions absolutely betray that. Their policies are exactly the opposite of that. And we see that in every single aspect of the state of California and cities like Los Angeles's regulatory system. So make no mistake about it. While this Graham Stefen video is in fact the story of a YouTuber who has money, who is trying to build out a regular ass normal apartment for a regular Angelino. In reality, in actuality, this is not just the story of him being screwed over by the city of Los Angeles. This is the story of how Los Angeles screws everybody over depresses the housing supply. They do it intentionally, and sometimes their Democratic politicians are so dumb, so stupid that they think they're doing the opposite while they're pushing for all of this. And in addition to that because this incentivizes such a system where only luxury housing ends up being built, these very same politicians use that as an excuse in order to add more cost to the system because they're like "Oh my god, all these rich people they're moving into all these apartments that for whatever reason is the only thing people keep building due to the fact that that's the only thing you're allowing them to build through the incentive structure that you laid out." Again, we talked about this time and time again on this channel. Los Angeles Dallas, Fort Worth, city of Houston. Low regulatory environment, high amount of people moving to those cities. Some of the fastest growing metropolises in the entire country in the fastest growing state in the entire country, the state of Texas, and you have stable home prices, stable rent prices, or falling home prices/falling rent prices. You can still get a house in the city of Austin for $350,000. You know how insane that is to look at other metropolitan areas around the country that are shrinking and yet their prices are going up because they have more units coming off the market due to regulatory burden than what is being built. Also due to regulatory burden if you build, if you issue the permits prices go down. This is what we see in all these different booming red states. That's why people are moving to those states. Same is true in Florida. Same is true in Nashville, Tennessee. And yet they're not changing the rules in California. They're not fixing it. Things are getting worse. And now we have a 5 million subscriber YouTuber that is telling his story. I'm just giving you the added context. But you know what?, Those, are, just, my, thoughts., I want to know what you guys think down in the comments below. As per usual, if you like the video, show them by leaving a like. Subscribe for more content. Follow me on the social medias. Support me via support links in the description of this video. This has been me talking about madness for Graham Stefen. Till next time.