Darth Vader is coming to Galaxy's Edge and Disney is abandoning the sequel trilogy timeline. >> Good. Good. >> The official Facebook page is almost at 60,000 followers. So, make sure you go and follow and I'll see you there. Welcome to a new era of Batu. Disneyland Resort has announced exciting updates coming to Star Wars Galaxy's Edge at Disneyland. Beginning April 29th, 2026, Black Spire Outpost is expanding its timeline, introducing elements from the events of the original film trilogy. As a result, visitors of Batu, the planet inside Star Wars Galaxy's Edge may cross paths with a few familiar faces. Darth Vader and Imperial Stormtroopers strutting through the streets to Han Solo and Chewbacca returning, reuniting at the Millennium Falcon. All the while, John Williams music's iconic musical themes swirl through the air. Hallelujah. Would you imagine that? Some of the most iconic characters that George created from the original trilogy and the most iconic music in the world by John Williams actually in the Star Wars land. And you want to know why we never had this? because Kathleen Kennedy decided to have it all around the sequel trilogy and it is documented and it pisses me off. >> It gives you focus, makes you stronger >> because they were originally supposed to make this park about the original trilogy. There's freaking concept art of the original trilogy parks. You can find it right here, right here, and here. Where was I? you got me heated. M and [clears throat] she decided to change it at the last second simply because she felt that the sequels would be such a smash hit. But there was actually no proper outline for the sequels, nor did they have a director or even a script for The Last Jedi at that point. Yet, they decided to create the Galaxy's Edge surrounding Bot 2 and the timeline of the sequel trilogy locking them in so that there's no prequels, there's no originals, and there's nothing else outside of The Force Awakens and onwards or maybe even just around that timeline. And after they realized that that really wasn't a great move, Dave Fona is finally coming in as the president of Lucasfilm as Kathleen Kennedy is about to step down this quarter of this year, which just means in the next few months, January is halfway done. So, next two months left, meaning that he has already started to make some moves to get Star Wars back on track. The first thing he's going to do is have Darth Vader at Star Wars Land. Whoa. Imagine all the people that actually wanted to take photos with Vader and having the Imperial March and having all of the John Williams themes and then having Han Solo and Chewbacca at the Millennium Falcon. Weird concept, I know, but we're finally going to get that. Holy moly. Let's Let's read. The original Galaxy's Edge timeline placed Batu during the era of the Resistance and the First Order between Star Wars: The Last Jedi and The Rise of Skywalker. The new timeline will roll back several decades, 20 plus, 30 plus years, expanding to span the events of Star Wars: Return of the Jedi and The Mandalorian. Ever since Black Spire Outpost welcomed its first visitors in 2019, the land has been growing and changing, adding new characters, attractions, and special events except for the actual ones that had Star Wars on the map back in 77 until the time Disney bought it. This new timeline shift is the next chapter in the everexpanding story of Batu. Bro, can you guys just abolish Batu? Nobody cares about Batu. Stop trying to make Batu a thing. It's not going to happen. >> Stop trying to make Batu >> happen. It's not going to happen. >> We've always seen Star Wars Galaxy's Edge as a platform for storytelling, a land that would continue to live and grow and evolve, explains Asa Kalama, vice president, executive for creative and interactive experiences at Walt Disney Imagineering. And I feel sorry for all these people. It's not their fault that they were ordered to siphon all of Star Wars into this garbage sequel trilogy that has divided the entire fandom and destroyed the brand. >> What an incredible value discovered. >> Not even arguably. Like it's in the statistics. It's in all of the numbers. Their merch is not selling for sequels. But you got, you know, 30 plus year old merch designs from Darth Vader that are just constantly sold out. Hm. Why is that? I guess fans are just sexist and racist all around, including sevenyear-olds. No, it's because the story sucked. The new timeline means new characters, Han and Leia, as well as updates to some shops and even the land itself. Here we break down the biggest Oh, would you look at that? The shops itself. Dude, this is great. I'm happy about this. Here we break down the biggest enhancements coming from Star Wars Galaxy. This is I'm being cheeky about it, but it's because I've been so pissed off that they haven't done, first of all, George Lucas Land, you know, Star Wars Land, which would have had the prequel trilogy, the original trilogy and the sequel trilogy if they so wish. But you would imagine having a roller coaster ride in prequel land that's literally just the Boon to Eve pod race. Roller coasters built as pod racers going extremely fast, arguably could be like breaking the record for the fastest roller coaster in the world or at Disney World. >> Very fast. very dangerous. >> And while you're riding around, like I remember the Incredibles ride in Disneyland, my favorite roller coaster ever. And while you were going through it, you had like sounds of Dash like running around going like it was so immersive. And they could have they could do that with a Pod Racer ride. Like could you imagine? Or maybe even you're in your own pod racer and you fire it up and you just go just flying by. I I would love that, man. And I think it would be so cool, but they just decided to just really lock themselves in this bind of Batu wandering through Black Spire Outpost. You never know who you might bump into beginning at the end of April 2026, which makes me wonder if that's around the time that Kathleen is going to be stepping down from her presidency of Lucasfilm. That kind of marks quarter 1 of this year. Darth Vader will be landing on Batu, joined by menacing Imperial Stormtroopers. We knew Vader had to arrive, explains Michael Cerna, executive creative director for Disney Live Entertainment. He's the iconic villain, the best villain ever in my opinion. Vader's search for Luke Skywalker brings him to Blackspire Outpost, and visitors may cross paths with the powerful Sith Lord near the Thai Echelon. Yeah, get rid of that Tai Echelon. Put in the Thai advance. Come on. One of the lesserk known facts about the Tai Echelon is that it's actually an Imperial era ship. Palama says, "Yeah, it's lesser known because no one really knows anything about the sequel trilogy, including its directors and writers. It carries the same color and markings as all of the ties from that era. Since Galaxy's Edge debuted, the craft has belonged to Kylo Ren, making it sort of like a vintage car. So, canonically, it aligns with the new updated timeline we're celebrating now. Guys, Disney, just stop. Stop making it align with the trash bag sequel trilogy. Make it align with what Star Wars is, which is Star Wars, you know, the original trilogy, prequel trilogy. Make it align with that. The sequels has to align with that, not the other way around. Fortunately for the rebels, some powerful allies are headed to Blackspire Outpost 2. Luke Skywalker will be making an appearance joined by Han Solo and Leia Orana. The Princess and the Scoundrel will be making their first appearance in Galaxy's Edge. The Imagineering and Disney live entertainment teams worked closely with Lucasfilm to craft all new looks for Han and Leia, making sure they're ready for adventures on Batu. Han wears his iconic vest, while Leia rocks a battle ready white outfit. Her hair is up in a practical crown braid, similar to how she wore it on Hoth in the Empire Strikes Back. This is Leia's adventure look, explains Lucasfilm senior creative director Matt Martin. It's inspired by some comic book appearances from this era, as well as the look that she had in Star Wars Battlefront 2, the video game, but this is really the first time that we get to see it physically created on a person. And of course, Vader, Han, Luke, Leia won't be the only characters you might encounter. Ry, R2-D2, Ahsokaano, Chewbacca will remain as possible characters. H plus fans also cross paths with Denjarun and Grou, who will soon be embarking on a new adventure together. As previously announced, Millennium Falcon Smuggler's Run is getting a brand new mission beginning May 2026. That's great. And I mean, it only took them like eight years. Inviting you and a crew to team up with the Mando and Grou to track down Imperial officers and claim a bounty. Thr emphasizes that he and the team want Galaxy's Edge to always feel as immersive and as authentic as possible. To celebrate the new updates, Lucasfilm is teaming up with Marvel Comics to release a new tie-in comic series, revealing the backstory on how and why the Empire and Rebels came to Batu. Yeah. So, because they made such a terrible decision to not include any of George Lucas's actual stories and characters in Star Wars Land, and they focused around the sequel trilogy, now that they realize that didn't work out so well, and they got to actually incorporate the characters that made the brand worth $4 billion to begin with, and the most iconic character in the world, Darth Vader, they want to now create some story so that it aligns with why they went to Batu. None of this existed. Batu doesn't matter. It's not a thing. It's something that they created out of the sequel trilogy whole and we're supposed to just eat it up with a spoon and be like, "Okay, Vader's in Batu now." No, stop it. Just abolish Batu, put a skin over the whole land and make it the Empire for all I care. That would make a little bit more sense. I hate when they do that  And of course, R2-D2 will be roaming throughout. Sterna ads with a laugh. He's in all of these stories. Every corner of Blackspire Outpost has a rich history. And you know what else has a rich history? George Lucas's Star Wars. It's a little bit older than Blackspire Outpost, uh, which was created to, uh, flesh out the diluted, horrible sequels. And rolling back the timeline means that fans can experience some familiar locations in an all [laughter] yo. >> [laughter] >> Using the word Star Wars and familiar is something I've not heard in a long time. Uh yeah, that would be nice, you know. Uh jeez, we've suffered for a long time, man. Uh what's it been 14 years? Yeah, we're going back and thinking about all the backstories of some of the ships that existed in the land. Kama says because we are set in a new era. Some are run by new proprietors. One of the biggest changes is coming to the existing existing first order cargo which we will be getting a refresh under the new name Blackspire Surplus located near the Thai echelon. Martin described it as a sort of military supply shop packed with exclusive offerings from around the galaxy. We're going to see things from the rebels. Martin teases we're going to see things from the Empire. It'll be your one-stop shop for faction gear. Oh, it's about time. The shop also has a rich backstory. Martin explains that Blackspire Surplus was founded by two former clone troopers who fought alongside each other in the Clone Wars and became close friends. Years later, one of these soldiers joined the Empire and served as an Imperial Stormtrooper. Okay. While the other signed up with the Rebellion, okay, but as they got older, they decided to retire and team up as friends and business partners, opening their new venture on Batu. Happily ever after, eh, Disney. Additional updates uh are also coming to Doc Odar's Den of Antiquities, Savvy's Workshop, and Droid Depot to ensure those local feel like a part of the earlier time frame. Doc is always getting new shipments and new antiques. We're going to see some new items on display, potentially some Easter eggs that people recognize from some of the more recent live action TV series. Music has always been a key element in Galaxy's Edge, and now that soundtrack is expanding, too. As you wander through the market or stand under the Millennium Falcon, you'll now hear themes from John Williams iconic score. That means over in Oga's DJ3R, DJR3X will be spinning the beloved Cantina band. It is so it is so unbelievably emotional and impactful to be standing in front of the Falcon or next to Savies and hear the Force theme gently playing in the background. You don't say. It totally transforms your emotional response to the land. Yeah. Yeah. The result, Palama hopes, is a galaxy's edge that feels more immersive than ever. More immersive than before, inviting visitors to experience their own Star Wars stories in an all new way. We spent a lot of time and money agonizing over every last detail. [laughter] Yeah, it's with the Yeah, look, man. It's really not that difficult just to create Star Wars Land. Like, it's just [groaning] Yeah. Like, [music] yeah. I mean, Was that so hard to do? [laughter] Was that so difficult? Oh, Darth Vader and iconic music. Oh, god. Yeah. I I'm I'm really I am very happy about this, you know. Don't get me wrong. I just I have to make a little bit of fun because we have suffered and every time I would go to Star Wars Land, I would be like, why the hell are we stuck in this garbage timeline that nobody really gives a about compared to the original trilogy or even the prequel trilogy? Why are we just cornering ourselves into this one little pocket of the galaxy that is now made up that doesn't have any actual love or builtup emotions or memories over decades and decades of time that George put the groundwork into. And we're stuck now in Batu, which nobody knows or cares about or has any emotional connection to, especially with the new characters and and how it performed. And people always want to say, "Oh, well, it made billions of dollars." Well, no You could have had the Force Awakens come out and it could have been George Lucas peeling an egg. The ticket sales would have still happened. People would have still gone to see it. All right. What is the consensus today? What are the ratings? What do people think about the sequels today? How is Galaxy's Edge doing today? How could it be doing if they were to incorporate the original trilogy or characters that we all grew up with and they want to throw in their sequel stuff? Fine. But don't just choose this new stuff, this new era of stuff. And I I think that this is Dave Filon's decision. And I know there's a lot of Dave Fona haters out there. And you know, yeah, I like I've said, my trust in him is shaken. But this is all too convenient to be happening around the same time that we get that that welcome to Lucasfilm video. And then now we get this announcement that Vader and iconic characters and John Williams music is returning. Uh now, yeah, I I think this is Dave behind it all. I really I really do. And uh I'm happy about it. I I really am. I think this is something that they should have done a long freaking time ago. >> What took us so long? >> At the very beginning, you guys remember that old video I made about uh there was a there was an image that was created uh George Lucas Land or Star Wars Land and the entire park was divided into different eras of Star Wars and the largest being, you know, prequels and originals. Like you could go visit the Death Star, you could go to the Emperor's Throne Room and all that. I mean, you could go to Tatooine. Imagine you hop on some little ship. It does a little shake. It changes the scenes, you know, just passing the window. You got TVs in there anyway for the windows. And then it opens the doors and you're in Hoth. You're on Hoth and there's fake snow. It's cold. It's actually cold, which is going to force people to buy hot drinks. It's going to force them to buy sweaters and t-shirts and new pants and and winter gear, whatever. You got tourists all over the world coming in. They're going to buy it. Then you you want to go to Mustafar. All right. Let's go see Vader's castle. Whoa, that's where Anakin and Obi-Wan fought. Wow, cool. And it's like hot. And there's fake ash falling from the sky. It's going to incentivize customers and fans to want to get popsicles, smoothies, iced smoothies, iced coffee drinks, to buy tank tops and shorts, and blah blah blah blah blah. They missed a huge opportunity. And all because they wanted to make Batu a thing. >> Stop trying to make Batu >> happen. It's not going to happen. >> It's uh well, better late than never, I say. Let me know what you think about it, guys. Uh I'll have a much more fun time vlogging at Star Wars Land once this [music] change has happened. And uh yeah, it'll be good. Have a great day. May the force be with you always. [music] >> Now, fulfill your destiny. Heat.