[Music] HBO has put a copyright strike on the critical drinkers latest video. Why The Last of Us is falling apart. Holy crap. Now, I'm getting the information from Pirate Nation. Pirate Nation is a great follow over on Twitter in terms of him saying it's a copyright strike on the Drinker channel. I know the Drinker were friends. I've reached out to him to get clarification if it's a strike or a claim. I don't know that yet. I have not heard back from him at the time of me recording this video, which is very late at night. Um, and he has not tweeted anything about it. So, in terms of it being a strike or a claim, that definitely matters. Although, it's still BS either way. If it's a strike, you only get three strikes on a YouTube channel and then your YouTube channel gets taken down for good. Um, I'm hoping it's not a strike and it's a claim. Either way, it's BS, but it does not hurt the channel if it's a claim. However, the video does get taken down. There is an appeals process in place with YouTube, so we're going to have to see how this all works out. But this is at the time of this video getting taken down, and this is on the YouTube channel right here. This video had 619,000 views, 13 uh after being up 13 hours, 43,000 upvotes to only 453 down votes. And right here it says, "The video is unavailable. This video contains content from Home Box Office Inc. who has blocked it on copyright grounds. So, I don't know, and again, I've I've been through this so many times, but it was a long time ago. I don't know if they state that it's a strike publicly when it's a strike. I can't remember. It's been a long time since I got a copyright strike on one of my channels, but one of the times that I remember getting a copyright strike on my channel was from Naughty Dog. That's right, Naughty Dog. Uh, years ago when The Last of Us 2 leaks hit the internet, Naughty Dog hit my channel for multiple strikes. Hit Ryan from RK Outpost, who's also part of Geeks and Gamers. Multiple strikes on his channel. Hit Hill versus Baby Face. And so many other content creators out there with [ __ ] copyright strikes, not claims, strikes. And I was not able to live stream on my channel for over a month because how the system worked back then. And I don't know if it's changed or not, but how the system was then was if you got a copyright strike during a live stream, you could not live stream for one month while the appeals process was taking place. I appealed it because it was [ __ ] because they claimed that I was showing leaked imagery of The Last of Us Part Two. I never showed anything from The Last of Us Part Two. We discussed the leaks, but we did not show anything. But they struck me over words. Over words. Now, I would imagine that this critical drinker guy, he he's kind of been doing YouTube for a little while. I kind of think he knows what he's doing. And I would go out on a limb and say that he has made this content transformative. So, I don't think that there's anything to worry about from that perspective, but they clearly don't want criticism. And we've seen this time and time again, whether it was this channel or many other channels, that Naughty Dog and the people involved with The Last of Us don't like when you criticize them. They even took my Twitter account down for about a year and a half. Twitter Twitter has permanently suspended Geeks and Gamers founder Jeremy Griggs on this platform after receiving multiple DMCA complaints from Naughty Dog over memes that I posted mocking The Last of Us Part Two. Now, I want to prepare everyone. Please, if there are women and children in the building, if there are non-binaries or pronouns and bio, please, please get them out of the room before I show you the very, very damning piece of evidence that we have. Ladies and gentlemen, now that we have all of the non-bionaries, women, children, they them pronouns out of the room. This is the meme, ladies and gentlemen, right here. Big Abby Pump is your hookup. Holler if you hear me. There it is. Oh my goodness. How will we ever recover from this? Uh, but yes, this is the meme that I posted that got my Twitter account taken down. Big Abby Pump is your hookup. Holler if you hear me. Um, I posted this and it got taken down. And I posted it again with the caption, "Fuck Naughty Dog." It got taken down. I think it got taken down about 30 times. and they finally suspended my account indefinitely after the whatever 30th time it was. Um, and I didn't get my Twitter account back until Elon Musk bought Twitter. I put another appeal in after Elon Musk bought it and they lifted my account. But it was about a year and a half. So, this is nothing new from um, you know, Naughty Dog or anyone involved with The Last of Us Part Two. So, we're just going to have to see how this all plays out. But I can't wait for the drinker to find out about this so he can um definitely address this and appeal this and we'll find out exactly what happens. Um The Last of Us I watched the first season at least the first few episodes and I checked out pretty early on and I have not return to that show at all. Now obviously we're in season two and the whole you know Joel situation has happened with big Abby Pump as you hookup. Um, I I've seen some clips of that, but I have not watched this show. I have no desire to watch it whatsoever. And they're very sensitive to criticism with The Last of Us. So, you guys let me know your thoughts in the comments below. Shout out to The Critical Drinker. Hopefully, all of this gets worked out. And I hope it's not a copyright strike, but we will see. Have a great day and we will talk to you later. [Music]