You know, if you ever think you're having a bad day, a bad week, or even a bad year, when nothing you do seems to work out right, and every decision just seems to make things worse, well, just remind yourself, at least you're not working on The Mandalorian movie. Damn, man. I don't think I've seen any IP squander opportunities and decimate fan goodwill quite like this. from the surprise hit of season 1 that delivered a refreshingly strippedback and simplistic story that felt like some vague recreation of the Star Wars magic, which was still a thousand times better than anything the sequel trilogy ever accomplished. to the second season that built on its success and took the first steps into a bigger world. To the third and hopefully final season that promptly [ __ ] the bed, overstayed its welcome, undid most of the major events of the previous season, and turned the protagonist into a useless background character in his own show. True to form, Lucasfilm had managed to [ __ ] up the one and only successful Star Wars show that they'd fallen ass backwards into in the first place. >> Great plan. >> Thank you. He likes your plan, chief. >> So, what do you do with a TV show that had one brief moment of success before pissing off most of its fan base and vanishing back into obscurity? That's right. You punt it out into movie theaters with a big budget film adaptation that relies not just on overwhelming fan support, but mainstream cultural awareness to stand any chance of turning a profit. And you do it at a time when there hasn't been a Star Wars movie of any kind in more than 6 years. The brand itself is arguably at its lowest creative and commercial EB since the early 1990s and the rest of the world has kind of moved on now. That doesn't make sense. >> [ __ ] genius. Still, let it not be said that the drinker is one to embrace failure. There is a path to success for this kind of thing. A narrow one to be sure and fraught with difficulties, but a path all the same. The normies might not know or care much about the Mandalorian and his little green marketing product. and Star Wars fans themselves might have been turned away from it by now, but a truly kick-ass marketing campaign just might win them over and generate some desperately needed momentum. I'm talking kick-ass action set pieces, the highest stakes imaginable, incredible character moments, superbly crafty dialogue, and epic galaxy spanning adventure that will fire the imagination and reshape the very foundation of the Star Wars universe. Oh. Oh. You know, if the concept of meh could be represented visually, then this would probably be it. I don't know what anyone was expected to take from this first trailer, but it certainly wasn't excitement or anticipation or well, anything that suggests this is more than just an extended episode of the TV show. But okay, fine. The first trailer wasn't a big hit. There's still other opportunities to score a big PR win. Like the Super Bowl, for example, that annual gathering where Americans get together to drink lots of beer, eat shitty food, and yell at their TV screens for a couple of hours. Go sports team. It's become a prime spot to drop trailers and promos for big upcoming movies this year, and Disney clearly decided that this was their chance to drum up some support for their Star Wars film. Now, keep in mind, dear viewer, these Super Bowl ad spots are expensive as [ __ ] and very timesensitive. You've only got like 30 seconds max to make an impression, and your audience is probably drunk by this point, so you need to go allin with this [ __ ] Hit them with everything you've got. really sell them on how exciting and epic and unmissable this film's going to be. Like, these guys are going to be [ __ ] losers if they don't see this film on opening night in IMAX 4D with a novelty popcorn bucket shaped like Grou's rectum or something. >> Go for it. Show us what you've got. >> Sometimes we choose our path. Other times the path chooses us. >> You sure about that? The bond just gets harder to break. This is the way. >> You sure about that? >> That's it. I'm calling it. It's done. Pack up your gear and head home, boys. This movie is [ __ ] cooked. Whatever advertising department you use to bring this trailer together, you need to fire them, Lucas Film, and blacklist them from ever working in the industry again because you just blew like $10 million for [ __ ] nothing. Not only did almost half the audience actively dislike this trailer, but people didn't even understand what the hell it was trying to be. The situation got so bad that the Lucasfilm marketing director had to literally explain the point of the whole thing. Our creative and marketing team landed on a unique concept that gave a nod to classic big game spots of years past. It captured the warmth, humor, and emotional connection between these two beloved characters and was the perfect next step for our campaign as we lead up to their big screen debut. this summer. >> Are you serious, >> bro? Just just stop. Sometimes in life, you have to learn to take the L, and this is definitely one such time. All of these fumbles and missteps are contributing to an atmosphere of complete and total apathy around this film. Nobody even seems to care about it. And who can blame them? It's like the film doesn't even care about itself. Like, it can't really be bothered with the story it's trying to tell. And for the life of me, I cannot understand why Lucasfilm are so apathetic about this one. Based on the marketing alone, it feels like a movie made out of obligation to fill a release slot by a studio that's all out of ideas and creative energy instead of the spearhead for a major comeback attempts. I mean, this is your first Star Wars feature film in more than half a decade. In fact, let's not kid ourselves here. It's basically a Hail Mary pass in the dying seconds of the game. a final chance to tie the score before it's all over. And it's been treated more like just another forgettable TV show roll out. I mean, do they know something we don't? Do they know that the film sucks and it's got almost no chance at the box office? So why throw good money after bad? I don't [ __ ] know. All I know is that if your goal here is to make Star Wars relevant again and win back at least a portion of your old audience, this ain't it. God only knows what they're going to try next, but I've got a feeling it's not going to be a big hit. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.