So, there's currently a class action lawsuit in the UK against Steam, more specifically their owner Valve, for alleged anti-competitive practices. And of course, while the class action lawsuit is in the UK, this will affect Valve all across the world, depending on how this lawsuit goes. And spoiler alert, the whole thing seems like a con from organizations and corporations that don't like how consumerfriendly Steam really is. So, get this, this is how twisted this lawsuit is. The proposed representative for this lawsuit in the UK is a woman named Vicky Shotbold. And the lawsuit claims to be taking collective action on behalf of 14 million UK Steam users. The majority of probably don't even know that they're being used like tools in this lawsuit. And they're automatically being forced into this litigation. They have to manually opt out if they want no part of it. Vicky Shopold herself has ties to the UK's Office of Communications aka Offcom. Yes, the same offcom that we discussed extensively back around September of 2025 for the UK's online safety act that they're trying to roll out and enforce on all citizens in the UK where they claim to be protecting children but really they're using children as a shield for their true goal which many see as surveillance and the removal of anonymity online as the online safety act would require age assurance measures which would require users to submit their biometric data such as pictures of their face, their photo ID, credit cards, and bank statements, you know, stuff like that. Vicky Shotbolt is also the co-founder and CEO of an organization called Parent Zone, which is a UK charity that claims to focus on children's digital safety and quote unquote media literacy. And that takes me to a quick side note that I mentioned the other week, which was regarding quote unquote media literacy and how activist con artists like to use the term media literacy as a rhetorical manipulation tactic. And they do this by weaponizing the term to not actually mean anything with analyzing media genuinely, but instead what they really mean is conforming to their viewpoints. So if you conform to their views, they say that you have media literacy. And if you don't conform to their views, they say that you don't have media literacy. Obviously, that's absurd. But yeah, these are the tactics of very manipulative people. And so, it's no surprise at all that Vicky Shotbolt is using the same exact rhetoric for her charity, Parent Zone. And we can break this down even further because we can see Vicki is listed directly on Offcom's website for their quote established working group unquote. They say the established working group supports offcom's work developing best practice principles for promoting media literacy through the design of online platforms. We are working to establish what works well and what does not for media literacy interventions on platforms in order to identify good media literacy design principles and inform our thinking about our future online safety duties. Building a consensus around best practice principles requires input from experts. From experts. Uhhuh. Yeah, we haven't heard that before. With varying perspectives. Yeah, varying perspectives. X to doubt on that one. I would really enjoy I'd really enjoy seeing how they define varying perspectives. Uh but anyways, we can see right below that third from the bottom under the section members, they list Vicky Shotbolt, once again the CEO of Parent Zone. So now let's tie this all back to Steam and this lawsuit against Valve as the lawsuit seems to have three main claims against Valve. The first being what they call platform parody obligations or price parody rules where they allege that Valve is forcing game devs and publishers to agree to terms that prevent them from selling PC games on other platforms at lower prices for earlier release dates, etc. We could simply say with better terms than on Steam. They say that these issues block competition and reduce market incentives and help Valve control a monopoly essentially across the entire market. The second is regarding DLC and add-on content where they allege that if a user buys a base game on Steam that Valve restricts them into buying DLC and other so-called add-on content through Steam only, even if the DLC is available cheaper elsewhere, saying that this protects Valve's future revenue and limits consumer choice. Then there's the third, which is excessive and unfair commission rates, where they say Valve charges up to 30% commission sales through Steam and that it's quote unfair and excessive, unquote. And they go on to tie the commission complaint along with the first and second complaints to ultimately say that Valve is able to sustain these high prices with no competitive push back. Ultimately, the lawsuit seeks monetary damages of around 900 million USD as mentioned earlier. But hey, they say that if they win, all UK users will get roughly 22 to 44 pounds, which is like 30 to 50 bucks. By the way, how would UK users claim that money? Oh, most likely by having to register and verify their ID number under a claims portal. And while that could be seen as a somewhat standard practice given Vickiy's ties to Offcom, there's kind of a what's the word? Like a twisted irony there in a way. But wait, they might actually be able to simplify the process because it's highly probable that they're also going to try to force Valve to provide user data to them. Isn't that wonderful? Oh, and it might take one to two years post judgment. Again, all of that part assuming if they even win. But how would this affect the rest of all of us for Steam users worldwide? Well, Valve losing potentially $700 million USD or so could result in higher fees or passing some costs on to game devs who then raise their prices or perhaps even a less generous refund policy. You know, stuff like that. Now, let's talk about Valve's defense here. Their response so far, and some of it is actually just based. For example, first of all, they make the argument that Valve is essentially just built different or excuse me, that Steam is just built different, saying that Steam is such a large market share because their platform is just superior to competitors, that they have a dedicated user base, frequent sales, and tools that devs love, and that this is culminated, as mentioned, into a superior platform. They also go on to directly call out the claims of damages brought forward from the lawsuit, saying that the plaintiff's math doesn't add up for a collective case and that they can't prove who's being overcharged and who isn't out of all of these millions of users that they're claiming to represent and that it's inaccurate to lump everyone together in the way that the plaintiff is. Bolstering that defense, they go on to directly attack the lawsuit being a class action lawsuit, saying that a class action approach like this is an overreach that ignores realworld nuance. Valve then pushed back hard on the allegations of forcing strict parody, saying that devs can indeed run temporary deals and bundles elsewhere without issues and that their 30% cut is a standard industry rate. Furthermore, they of course don't force anyone to use Steam. It's just that devs willingly use it for all of the massive value that they get from being listed on the platform and that anyone is absolutely allowed to use competitors and that competitors do exist. But once again, devs simply choose Steam over the competition because of the affforementioned benefits like visibility tools and the dedicated and large user base. But perhaps one of their biggest counterarguments to the parody related allegations are Valve's Steam keys. They say that devs actually get those for free and are fully capable of selling them on alternative sites like Humble Bundle or whatever they want with Valve taking zero commission on those sales. This means that devs can and many do undercut Steam's prices in this manner. And again, Steam has no issue with it. As a matter of fact, Steam's own rules allow devs to engage in this manner. Ultimately, Valve says that point completely negates the monopoly argument that the plaintiff is trying to make and also makes the complaint about overcharging completely fall apart. Lastly, a little bit of details regarding the timeline as the lawsuit was being prepped throughout 2025, but officially just began on January 26, 2026. So, there's currently no new updates as of recording and no trial date yet set. But yeah, that is all of the irrelevant information so far. And now, in my opinion, I'll just mention I have a bias in favor of Steam. I actually really like Steam. I think it's a great platform, and I definitely don't trust this group going after Valve here. I mean, Vicky Shop, she seems like a very suspicious individual, again, in my opinion. But yeah, Steam has been great. Get discounts on games all the time. Like, I can gladly wishlist them and wait and then get sales on them. There's a few games I've tried out, ended up not liking. They got a really nice refund policy. I've never had a problem with that. And Steam users are pretty based people usually. So, I mean, what's not to like about Steam? I I I can't think of like one thing I dis Oh, you know what? That the the one thing I dislike about Steam is that whole big picture mode thing. I hate that thing. I don't think I'm the only one that's been there, bro. You like misclick by accident. It It pulls up the whole big picture thing that takes up your whole screen, then you got to exit that. That is, I think, the only complaint I have about Steam. And to be fair, half of that is a skill issue cuz I'm the one misclicking. But, you know, I digress. Let me know what you think about the lawsuit and what you think about Steam. And thank you for tuning in. I hope you enjoyed the video. Hope you have a great week ahead. and I look forward to seeing you in the next