On January 19th, 2025, the news agency Reuters published an article describing the content of a leaked diplomatic memo sent from Andreas Mais, the German ambassador to the United States to the German government in Berlin. The briefing document signed 4 days prior aims at helping the German government assess the incoming administration and their political goals domestically and abroad. It carries the title Trump's leeway to redefine the constitutional order. In it, the ambassador warns Trump's agenda will bring about quote a redefinition of the constitutional order, maximum concentration of power with the president at the expense of Congress and the federal states. Listing the options the Trump administration has to push their agenda onto the state governments, the ambassador says even military deployment within the country for police activities would be possible in the event of declared insurrection or invasion with the nomination of a highly loyal DOJ leadership. the threatened dismissal of allegedly disloyal prosecutors and employees and the unusual replacement of the FBI director with a deep state opponent. T ensures that investigative discretion is exercised as much as possible in favor of his goals and person. Freedom of speech applies above all to the MAGA word and T and Musk are already taking action against critics and non-cooperating media companies. One is using lawsuits, threatening criminal prosecution and license revocation. The other is having algorithms manipulated and accounts blocked. Basic democratic principles and checks and balances will be largely undermined. The legislature, law enforcement, and media will be robbed of their independence and misused as a political arm. Big tech will be given co-governing power. Hello everyone. Roughly two years ago, I released a video on this channel with the title America's coming vhima moment that has been receiving some renewed popularity as of late. The video aimed at answering a question I receive a lot because of my podcast on the VHimar era. That question being if the turbulent inter war years that ended with the rise of the third reich are comparable to the contemporary United States. And drawing this comparison is a cliche at this point. Uh but I don't mind because I'm not too good for cliches and I do believe there are some valuable lessons to be learned. My answer to that question was basically that while the periods are very different and it's not always helpful to match the current moment onto the past that the United States was chugging along a trajectory towards that in between space that Germany spent years in where democracy was functionally dead but the country wasn't a fascist dictatorship either and key to understanding how democra ies give way to whatever comes after is that it's never a single event that you can point to but a slowm moving process. When I made that video the United States Supreme Court had just overturned Ro v. Wade and the fear at the time was that a right-wing judiciary would weaken American democracy permanently. Never could I have guessed that now, 2 years later, the state of American democracy would be so much worse that the judiciary is looked towards as a chance to halt or at least slow the advance of the current assault on democracy and government. I started this channel in 2016, so I was fully tuned in when the first Trump presidency came around. And a huge difference between Trump 1 and Trump 2 is the break neck speed at which everything is happening. In the first Trump term, you had scandals. You had actions by the government that were unconstitutional, but I always felt like I had a sense of what was currently being fought over. Uh, but this time around, it feels like you're hearing about one thing and as soon as you have a grasp of the issue, five other outrageous things have already happened in the meantime. It's very disorienting and makes it much more difficult to gain an understanding of what the Trump administration is doing at any given moment. It's also more difficult to mount opposition on one issue because creating a political narrative and letting it spread through the media takes time. If this feeling of disorientation sounds familiar to you, uh I can assure you that it's not you getting too old to keep up with what's going on or being too young to understand it. It's a conscious effort. Here is Steve Bannon in a 2019 interview with PBS talking about this effort in regards to the media. Because they're dumb and they're lazy, they can only focus on one thing at a time. And all we have to do is flood the zone. Every day we hit them with three things. They'll bite on one and we'll get all of our stuff done. Bang, bang, bang. These guys will never will never be able to recover. But we've got to start with muzzle velocity. So, it's got to start and it's got to hammer. Donald Trump was inaugurated on January 20th of 2025. By the end of that month, that's 11 days, he had signed 46 executive orders. This is about how many Trump had signed in a whole year during his first term. So the sense of disorientation is not a byproduct of how crazy US politics are at the moment. Uh but the goal, its aim is to knock the opposition of the Trump administration, which aren't just Democrats, but civil society off balance to make resistance difficult to form. I even felt this during the writing of this video because in even making a video like this, you are bound to leave out or not touch upon topics that are crucial. Nonetheless, uh this video is an attempt to kind of anchor you and me, tune out the noise, and try to understand the mess we're in. Apart from the speed of which everything is happening, another critical difference between Trump 1 and Trump 2 is the approach. Because during Trump's first term, you had numerous government actions that were later deemed unconstitutional by the courts. The first two versions of the travel ban, for instance, were struck down for violating religious freedom, which is guaranteed by the constitution. The government cannot infringe on rights given by the constitution. That's the idea at least. And you can make the argument that something like the travel ban is constitutional or revise it, which the Trump administration did during his first term. But this argument over whether something is constitutional or not assumes a shared understanding that a president should be bound by the constitution. Something that has been completely thrown out the window during Trump's current term. Here is what Jamal Buouie writes on this in the New York Times. The new president has in just the first two months of his second term performed a number of illegal and unconstitutional acts. But the defining attribute of his administration thus far is its anti-constitutional orientation. Both of its most aggressive and far-reaching efforts, the empoundment of billions of dollars in congressionally authorized spending and the attempt to realize the president's promise of mass deportation rest on fundamentally anti-constitutional assertions of executive authority. In other words, the Trump administration has moved on from claiming that it is playing by the rules in their understanding of them to openly saying the rules don't apply to the president. So what we see now is an administration that feels it is completely unbound by any constraints of law or separation of power. And that is usually a canary in the coal mine moment. you know, an outright rejection of legal constraints compared to the argument that you're operating within those constraints. There is a word for this type of government, by the way, in which the sole law makingaking authority is vested in a single person or leader in other words. Anyway, when I started writing out this script, uh, this section was called canaries in the coal mine, pointing to some worrying developments, but that metaphor doesn't really work anymore. The canary in the metaphor is supposed to be an early indicator of danger at this point. It's like you get to the mine and it's just bursting at the seams with dead canaries. There is no foroding. There is no historical parallel educating us about the danger that might come. We are in the middle of that historic moment for the United States. Let's pick up some of those dead canaries to illustrate my argument here. Since March 2025, the Trump administration has deported over 200 people to a maximum security prison in El Salvador. The justification, which I don't want to spend too much time on, is that these are members of a nation that has declared war on the US government or which perpetuates attempts or threatens an invasion or predatory incursion. Keep the word invasion in mind here for me, please. Now, those deported were not convicted of anything under this supposed justification and as such are not serving a prison sentence in El Salvador. If they were, it would mean their sentence would have an end. But for all we know, the Trump administration plans to keep them there indefinitely. Likewise, there were no prior hearings to these deportations or any chance for these men to prove that they are not part of a violent gang as the government alleges. And you might think that this is a somewhat odd justification for deporting someone because being in a gang is itself not a crime. Uh but to engage on that point of the discussion is a pure waste of time and I'll get to why in a second. Even more odd might seem that according to a New York Times investigation, most of the deported men don't even have a criminal record apart from immigration offenses in the US or anywhere else in the region. And very few have any kind of documented links to gangs. Among them was, as far as we know, at least one man who was in the United States legally had no criminal record and was literally snatched off the street and flown to El Salvador. And despite this error in particular being acknowledged as a quote administrative error, the US government has not made any efforts to bring this man back. Quite the contrary, actually. They have gone in the opposite direction, just out and out lying about this man. Now, how do we make sense of this? For anyone that is willing to see what the truth is, it should be clear that all this back and forth over gang members and supposed wartime authorities is a thinly veiled distraction from what's really going on here. It's also why every justification from the administration is so incoherent and it doesn't even matter. Despite the government earlier admitting that this guy was wrongfully deported and the Supreme Court unanimously ordering to facilitate his release, you have the Trump administration calling him an illegal alien and MS-13 gang member. It's not about the act of deportation or what it achieves or even is supposed to achieve. It's about the message it sends. The message is that you can be a law-abiding legal resident in the United States and do everything right and still, if they want to, they can black and without any due process, without any chance of appeal, without you ever seeing your family again, send you to Central America and make you spend the rest of your days in a torture dungeon. And they will chuckle about it. This is nothing to them. That doesn't necessarily mean that there is no goal for this project. And for this, I won't ask you to take my word for it. Here is Chief of Staff Steven Miller laying it out for us. The fundamental error in how immigration is being discussed in the courts and media is pretending that what happened to us over the last four years is a routine civil enforcement matter. No, we were invaded and occupied. Entire neighborhoods were conquered. Entire towns were subjugated. Our treasury was plundered. Our democracy was torn apart piece by piece. A national referendum was held on whether to surrender to the invasion or repel it. America voted for liberation. If every foreign trespasser gets to have their own federal trial prior to removal, then there is no liberation. There is no restoration. the invasion will be made complete. Article 4, section 4 requires the president to hold any invasion and no district court can override that mandate. For the constitution is the supreme law of the land. The invading armies and foreign trespassor will be expelled. The cartels will be smashed. Liberation will be achieved. The rhetoric you would hear from what used to be called altr ride YouTubers 10 years ago is now the official position of the US government. It's an ethnationalist project in which the only requirement for deporting a US resident and eventually citizen is that they are not white. The other side to this deportation project very specifically targets pro Palestinian activists. And again, this happens nearly every other day now. But the most known names currently are Mahmud Khalil and Romesa Otsk. Both legal residents, both completely innocent of any crime. Both disappeared off the street by plain ICE officers and now awaiting deportation. And this is just a hunch I have, but I have a hard time believing that it is a coincidence that the Trump administration picked pro Palestinian activists who again haven't even been accused of a crime. This is an attempt to push the boundaries, push the Overton window as far as possible on an issue that Democrats, mainstream media, and pressure groups are weak on. The crackdown on pro Palestinian activists is merely a tool to soften the blow of what comes next. The same way that the persecution of trans people is a tool to pave the way for broader discrimination against LGBT Americans. The issue of pro Palestinian activism is one over which they can expect the least amount of resistance from liberals. And even for those deported to El Salvador, reading about the democratic response to these deportations, it becomes crystal clear that a number of them haven't understood the gravity of the situation. In midApril, numerous Democratic lawmakers spoke to Axios about this on the condition of anonymity. And let me just quote a specific section here. The second House Democrat who spoke anonymously a centrist, called the deportation issue soup duour, arguing Trump is setting a trap for the Democrats. And like usual, we're falling for it. Rather than talking about the tariff policy and the economy, the thing where his numbers are tanking, we're going to take the bait for one hairdresser. hairdresser most likely referring to Andre Jose Hernandez, the makeup artist with no criminal record and no record of ever having been a gang member who was deported to El Salvador. Recently, a Time magazine photographer visited the maximum security prison and happened to take a picture of Hernandez. According to the photographer, while this picture was taken, Hernandez said, "I'm not a gang member. I'm gay. I'm a stylist." crying for his mother as he was slapped and had his head shaved. Now, I don't want to give you the perception that the attitude by the anonymous Democratic lawmaker reflects the entire party because it doesn't. But the rift on this issue again shows the paralysis of the opposition. What if the Trump administration were to deport an American citizen for shouting from the river to the sea and accuse him or her of being a Hamas terrorist? Would you trust the Democratic Party to go to bat for someone like that? I personally have my doubts. Further down in the piece, the article states that Democrats would only draw a line in the sand and shut down the House of Representatives if the Trump administration were to deport a US citizen. Now to draw that line on who seemingly deserves due process and who does not uh is not only gross but again displays a fundamental misread of the moment and how to actually fight back against the Trump administration. The reason why the Trump administration is not backing down over people obviously wrongfully deported, why they ignore court orders and double down every chance they get, is because Republicans understand something a number of Democrats seemingly don't. There is something called the political initiative. It's also the point of Steve Bannon's flood the zone approach I read to you earlier. If the Trump administration were to give in on anyone being wrongfully deported, it would put them on the back foot while they desperately want to remain on the offensive. That is the Republican strategy, while the Democrats seemingly don't have one at all right now. Another reason why this distinction is so misguided is that the federal government doesn't even release data on how many citizens are wrongfully detained and removed from the country. An investigation by the Washington Post has determined that right now, as far as we know, over a dozen US citizens have already been deported. This article is from May 3rd. And let me just read to you a short section from it. Last week, three children who are US citizens, aged 2, 4, and 7, were removed to Honduras along with their undocumented mothers. According to attorneys and court records, one child, a four-year-old boy with stage 4 cancer, was sent without medication or access to his doctors, both families were detained at routine immigration check-ins in New Orleans, denied communication with attorneys or family members, and placed on a flight to Honduras the following morning, The Post reported. Now, this might change, but during the time of researching this video, writing the script, recording the audio, and putting everything together, I haven't seen much talk about the Democrats shutting down the House of Representatives over the deportations. I'll come around to why this is so frustrating to me later. But what I am hearing or reading is talk about Democrats shutting down the House over Doge, and we'll see if that turns into anything. But it also brings me to the second front that the Republicans have opened in their attack on American democracy. And that is the literal destruction of the American government. Because it's not just the executive that is moving at a rapid pace. Elon Musk's Doge is moving at a similar speed, dismantling everything they can on the way. I don't want to get too deep into the history of this department named after a 12-year-old meme, but even before Trump took office, it was clear that Elon Musk's plan to reduce supposed government waste either wasn't the actual goal or that he and his cohorts lacked even the most basic understanding of government spending. As early as October 2024, Musk publicly declared that it should be possible for him to cut quote at least 2 trillion, later reducing that estimate to $1 trillion of the US federal budget and then again to 150 billion. Merely looking at the numbers without giving it a 5second pause to think, it seems like something that should be doable. US federal budget in 2023 was 6.4 trillion. Surely reducing that by one can't be that hard if you're committed to ruthless cuts. Here is where the reality check comes in though. Those 6.4 trillion are basically split up into three categories. Mandatory spending which you cannot cut because this part of the budget has been allocated by Congress for things like social programs. and to make any changes to this part of the budget requires a majority in Congress to change the laws that this money is allocated for in the future. So there's no real room for cuts here. The second category of the US federal budget is interest payments which you also cannot cut. Uh which leaves us with the third category of optional spending. Here you have defense uh administrative costs, transportation, etc. Now, if you were to cut this entirely overnight, meaning 0 for defense and anything non-defense, you would still be 300k short of Musk's initial goal of 2 trillion. Looking at what makes up the US discretionary budget, it's clear to anyone with the most basic understanding of government spending that cutting 1 trillion is a pipe dream, especially if you don't want to touch defense. Not to mention that the stated aim was to cut waste and fraud, not just cut funds. But that opens up the question of what the actual goal of Doge is given that the official one is on its face fantastical. The goal of Doge is the demoralization of the federal workforce, dismantling the administrative state and ultimately the destruction of government. There is a great piece on this in Wired magazine that makes the apt comparison that trying to imagine the long-term effects of what Doge and the Trump administration have even done thus far makes your brain feel like you are trying to imagine how deep the ocean is. It's almost beyond human comprehension. I can't run down the whole list, but just to give you an inkling, here are some examples of the cuts and their effects. The firing of thousands of federal workers at the IRS is predicted to lead to a 10% drop in tax revenue in the first quarter of 2025 alone. That's $500 billion, roughly 2/3 of the defense budget less for schools, infrastructure, etc. They cut roughly a quarter of the health and human services workforce. Uh this will affect disease control and occupational safety and health. This goes handinhand with a 44% budget cut for the Center for Disease Control and Prevention. This will make the US less able to respond to the next pandemic, among other things. Nearly 1 billion was cut from education research. This effectively ends any kind of data collection on what affects kids performance in schools, including removing digital tools from classrooms that have already been issued. Trump has also issued an executive order instructing the education secretary to take all necessary steps to facilitate the closure of the department of education and return authority over education to the states and local communities. In effect, this means the destruction of public schools in low-income areas as the federal government sends money to public schools that have many lowincome students and students with disabilities. The fallout of the destruction of USAID could fill an encyclopedia, but I'll give you a couple of examples. In Sudan, USAD contributed 44% of the humanitarian assistance before being shut down. This means that all across the country, food kitchens had to close down, leaving millions at the risk of starvation and preventable illness. In South Africa, the now missing funds are estimated to lead to the death of up to 500,000 people over the next decade. In the United States, the medical trials funded by USAD had to be stopped, leaving thousands without medication and with medical devices in their bodies that are now no longer monitored or cared for. And I'm no fan of a lot of stuff USAD does, but this is something that has to be opposed on principle. Doge also stopped all work at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which has been established after the 2008 financial crisis and whose job it is to take the big financial institutions who cheat consumers to court. In doing so, it has returned roughly $21 billion to consumers since its inception. With this, Musk destroyed the law enforcement agency that would monitor financial transactions on X. On housing, rental assistance is cut by 26 billion. Heating assistance for lowincome households cut by 4 billion. Affordable housing resources cut by 1.2 billion. And the list goes on. This will devastate public housing in the United States, including housing for people with disabilities, the elderly, and together with the cuts. The administration budget would halt any rental assistance to able-bodied adults for 2 years. I realize that in my list here, I'm mixing Doge cuts that have already happened and proposed budget cuts, but this is all part of the same project. Under the new spending bill, the EPA's budget would be cut by over 50%. Recently, the EPA announced the roll back of over 30 regulations limiting air pollution from cars and power plants, restrictions on the emissions of mercury and clean water protections for rivers and streams. The EPA estimated that these regulations being in place would save roughly 200,000 Americans dying of heart, respiratory, and otherwise preventable illnesses over the next 25 years. And these are just deaths, not to mention the amount of non-lethal health problems that will undoubtedly arise from this. The same analysis predicts roughly 100 million asthma attacks more by 2050 in the US alone and 20,000 emergency room visits for cardiovascular problems. At the same time, the administration is quietly moving to get rid of the bans on forever chemicals and invited companies to email the government to get exemptions to pollute as much as they want. Luckily, there are parts of the government that aren't as easy to dismantle, like Medicare, for instance, a program that keeps 2/3 of all elderly Americans out of poverty. Uh, but you don't have to dismantle it to make it not functioning. if you fire a significant amount of the people working there. This far, the Trump administration has tried to push out roughly 100,000 federal workers. And with those workers leaving, the institutions they work for will lose an enormous amount of knowledge that is needed to keep the basic government services running. I cannot understate how what I listed here is just the tip of the tip of the iceberg. The fallout of this onslaught on the administrative state will echo through generations. This is the two-prong attack on American democracy we are witnessing right now. What's so paradoxical about this attack is that on the one side we see a strong state when it comes to the crackdown on civil liberties and disappearing people off the street. On the other side, we see the utter destruction of everything else the state can do. In the past, uh I was always hesitant on my channel to use the term fascist, partially because I feel like we have an instinctive rejection for that term. The bar for it is set so high that even the fascist regimes of yesterday might not even clear it until they reach their final form in the world war. And on some level, I believe this comes from what the consequence would be from accepting that label. If the United States has a fascist government, what does that mean for me? It's something very uncomfortable to have that historic responsibility thrust upon you. Living in a democracy doesn't require any responsibility. Basically, uh that might be why it's far less controversial to say that uh the United States 100 years ago, France, the Federal Republic of Germany, and South Korea all are democracies, even though their political systems are so vastly different that a single descriptor doesn't really do them justice. So you wouldn't expect American fascism to look like German fascism given the massively different circumstances between both countries and time periods. And a great example of this is the concept of the worker. German fascism was unable to conquer the laboring classes. They were something that had to be destroyed or subjugated given their socialist convictions. In the United States currently, the lines are drawn at different spots. And this is something historian Enso Traverso wrote on in his text postfascism, fascism as a transhistorical concept. The radical right claims the classic populist paradigm of the good people opposed to the corrupted elites uh but has significantly reformulated it. In the past, the good people meant an ethnically homogeneous rural community opposed to the dangerous classes of the big cities. After the end of communism, a defeated working class struck by de-industrialization has been reintegrated in this virtuous national community. The bad people of post-fascist imagination, immigrants, Muslims, and blacks of the suburbs, veiled women, junkies, and marginal men are merged with the leisure classes that adopt liberated customs. Feminists, LGBTQ, anti-racist, ecologists, and defenders of immigrant rights. On the opposite spectrum, the good people are nationalists, anti-feminist, homophobic, xenophobic, and nourish a clear hostility towards ecology, modern arts, and intellectualism. As Holocaust survivor Primo Levy put it a little bit more succinctly in 1974, every era has its own fascism. Uh, but no matter the era, fascism is anti-democracy. And what is obvious to anyone willing to see is that what we are currently seeing in the United States is an attempt to destroy American democracy. And the idea of a government that can do anything besides locking you up, kill people overseas, and help corporations and billionaires make as much money as possible. And even though the situations are so vastly different, we can look to other moments in history where there was also an attempt to destroy democracy from the right and draw our conclusions. Here's where we come full circle to the question of America's Vhimma moment and whether it's here now. To me, that answer is yes, although not in a way you might think. Looking at Vimma Germany, there were dozens of moments where it could have gone another way. Even in January 1933, the rise of the Third Reich was by no means set in stone. There were so many chances to strengthen and save German democracy that were for some reason or another not taken up. German democracy died slowly of a thousand little cuts rather than some big killing blow. This is also why the pacivity I talked about earlier is so frustrating to watch. Each small compromise makes the next slightly larger one seem more acceptable. Gradually shifting the boundaries of what is considered tolerable. reading about the Vimma era for my podcast and going through all those situations where individuals and broader society failed to avert what was about to come. It is really striking that there seems to be one constant that almost all historians point to, a chance that was missed again and again and again, especially in the later years of the republic. And if you take anything from this video, please let it be this. Anti-democratic movements have to be met every inch of the way. You have to fight them on everything. There is no half measure in trying to preserve a democracy. Either it is preserved or it isn't. So seeing Democratic leadership not even be willing to shut down the government when the Trump administration is again literally destroying the state apparatus when they arrest judges and deport legal residents as well as United States citizens when an unelected billionaire is performing a bust out on the state. Something that was obvious from a mile away as you can see in the leaked memo I read to you in the beginning. You might even have seen this coming decades ago because this isn't a sudden insurgence. This isn't one party brainwashed and captured by radicals. The idea that government is the problem. The idea that religious values should trump civil liberties unleashing the free market economy within the state. None of this is new in any way. Rather, it's the final form of the Republican project going back decades. Going one step further, when you see that this movement that currently holds all three branches of government cheer, applaud, and chant USA to footage of largely innocent people being put in chains and having their heads shaved. On an emotional level, you feel that this rot cannot be undone by one, two, or three elections. Even in the best case scenario that Trump is ousted in a couple of years, something akin to a new reconstruction era is probably the only way for the United States to remain a democracy. Today, if you'll indulge me, uh I'll leave you with a poem. I keep thinking back to recently a poem I was surprised to find out has never been translated into English. It's called Ratinau by Kholski and is named after the German foreign minister Waltarinau who was assassinated in 1922. In his poem to Holski is addressing the republic meaning politicians but also society at large. It's very obvious that the author was very frustrated about the pacivity he saw on display in the face of a rising farright. Uh constantly yielding space to their enemies, letting them seize the initiative. And I apologize in advance for the lack of poetic rhythm in my translation, but this is the best I could come up with. Strike, strike, hit them hard. They all flinch for there is no man. They are only snipers in hiding. Hold them fast. Your house will burn if you let it smolder now. Tear apart the news of paragraphs. Don't fall into it. You must succeed. Four years of slaughter. That is God knows enough. You stand before your final breath. Show what you are. Judge yourself. Die or fight. There is no third choice. Not really sure what to put here for the outro. Um, probably just some footage I took while riding my motorcycle. Uh, that way you'll have something nice to look at while I keep talking. Uh, anyhow, thank you for watching, folks. uh especially if you have been a subscriber for a longer while considering how quiet it has been on this channel. Uh truth be told, I somewhat burned out on political commentary after 2020 and my life is very different now from when I was a full-time content creator. I have a regular job and a family and the little spare time I do have I put into the podcast. uh listen to our series on the Vim Republic. By the way, the sequel series should start soon. Uh but one good thing about all of this, I guess, is my renewed enthusiasm for whatever this is. Uh hopefully I can maintain it for a while and not get disheartened. But I guess that's the challenge for all of us. If you want to support what I do here or on the podcast, you can do so on patreon.com/daneros. Although I should say that I cannot promise an output anywhere close uh to what it used to be considering my other responsibilities. If you still want to support the content that I do manage to put out, I greatly appreciate it. Just know that if there is anything better in your life that you could spend five bucks on, uh you should probably spend it on that instead. Back in the day, I always sign my videos off with have a good one. That was kind of a staple of mine. But for this new era, I'm going to switch it up a little and say stay safe and stay in the fight. Take care.