What you often hear that's accompanied with that is, well, you must assimilate. I shouldn't put out a magazine that's in two languages. Why can't you speak English? Why are my videos subtitled in Arabic? Why is my caption both in English and Arabic? People get frustrated by this. But to me, it's like I actually disavow the use of the term the melting pot. I actually don't like it. Why? Because in a melting pot, when you're talking about like a soup, everything looks the same. So, the mayor of Dearbornne, Michigan recently appeared on a podcast and on said podcast he decided that it was important to disavow the idea of a melting pot. He said he was absolutely against it, that the idea of assimilation is actually a bad thing and he ended up using the leftist analogy of a salad where all the things are together and he says they complement each other but they are distinctly separate from one another. And I am not surprised at all whatsoever by the fact that he decided to go down this road. However, what is also missed in this particular podcast are a number of ridiculous and absurd lies, including him trying to reframe what went down at that city council meeting where he told the resident that he was not welcome in the city of Dearbornne because how dare he question the Islamic faith in a city where Muslims have become the majority. And this is what we're going to talk about today. The refusal to assimilate, the attacks on American values, and of course, this Michigan mayor, the mayor of Dearbornne, playing victim all the way through. But before we get into that, I want to thank everybody who supports this channel via actualjusticewarrior.com/join. >> I give me the money. Give you give me the money. Okay. You know, I was uh listening um to a podcast uh with Zuan and one thing he said that people aren't afraid that it's not going to work. They're actually afraid that it will work. >> Correct. >> And when you have it was a great podcast episode. >> It was. And when you listen to that and be like, wait, that actually makes a lot of sense. >> So, right off the top, we are operating on a false premise throughout the course of this podcast. the premise being laid out by this podcast host who is the host of the Not From here podcast, which I guess is fitting. Although, I do believe the mayor of Dearbornne was actually born in Dearbornne, Michigan. But whatever, we'll set that aside because I guess they're trying to make a play on the idea that they're not from here, the guests on this particular show and the host. And the premise that is laid out is this idea that when we talk about diversity and the problems of diversity, we're not actually afraid of the experiment not working. What we're actually afraid of, what we're actually worried about, and by we, we mean the evil white racists that are under every rock, is that it will work, that it will work so well, that it will reshape America in all these positive ways. Because, as we all know, what people are truly concerned about among divided communities, is that they're actually secretly low-key the most united communities of all. Now, of course, this is ridiculous. This is absurd. In reality, I grew up in a community that was ethnically diverse, and I do think that community 100% worked. I have friends from different ethnic and religious backgrounds. I am thankful for my upbringing. So, the idea that I would be afraid or concerned that this could work in Dearborn, Michigan, makes no sense at all whatsoever. In reality, what people are concerned about is that when Muslim populations tend to go towards a majority, they start enacting laws that are based on their faith. And all of a sudden, you get that switch up, which is they ask for freedom and tolerance because it's according to your values when they're in the minority. And then when they're in the majority, that's when they stop tolerating you and they take away your freedom because that's according to their ideology. And by the way, that is what was indicated by this iconic clip of the mayor attacking a resident and telling him that he was not welcome there. But more on that just a little bit later. I want to get into this analogy related to diversity and the melting pot that the mayor actually rejects. he says that he disavows because I think it is incredibly crucial to understand the mindset of these people who by the way we're not just talking about Muslims but we're talking about people in the Democratic party and how they feel about American society fear of different cuz what you often hear that's accompanied with that is well you must assimilate I shouldn't put out a magazine that's in two languages why can't you speak English why are my videos subtitled in Arabic why is my caption both in English and Arabic people get frustrated by So look, I'm going to say two things about this language issue and I think one of them you guys largely are going to agree and the other one it's going to be about 60 to 75% depending on if you actually listen to my entire point. So first and foremost, the thing that I think a lot of you will find a bit controversial, which is I actually don't think politicians messaging in other language is necessarily a fair criticism of said politician because in reality certain constituents speak different languages. And when you have immigrant populations come to the United States of America, it is often true that in the United States of America, the parents will speak the language of the homeland and the kids will learn English at school and essentially work as translators or intermediaries for that previous generation. And in reality, if you're a politician at that moment in time, especially when we're talking about the campaign or announcements, you kind of have to meet your constituents where they're at. And I say this if it's Arabic in this particular case of Dearborn, Michigan or if it's Korean or if it's Chinese or Spanish or whatever because in reality, if you're a politician and you're not messaging to a significant portion of the population, what's ultimately going to end up happening is that you will lose to somebody who is. So I actually don't think that that is the fairest criticism. That being said, people should learn English in the United States of America. They should make the effort to do so. their children should do so because it ends up isolating them from broader society when they don't speak the common tongue, the common language, one of the very few things we share in this country together, which of course is the English language. So overall, I do think there should be a push to have English as the official language of government to get people to learn English. I like that the citizenship test is not given in multiple languages. So, you have to actually know English in order to become a United States citizen. I think that's good. I think that's smart. I think that's intelligent because we do need something that commonly binds us. But I don't think that politicians that have to deal with the practical realities of decades of national immigration policy that it's actually on them in order to like uphold this standard and lose ground to another politician who will not do so. So in this particular case, I do partially agree with the mayor of Dearbornne, Michigan. However, overall, it is a good thing and it is something that we should push for that everybody should go for a common language and we should push people especially if they want to become citizens of this country to learn said common language because again that is the kind of thing that separates people and it's an example of diversity [clears throat] not working. the thing that we're actually worried about, not this magical thinking where everybody's worried that will work so well that they'll be embarrassed by how well it will work. But the next thing I got to talk about is just insane. It's asinine. Let us get into this. But to me, it's like I actually disavow the use of the term the melting pot. I actually don't like it. Why? Because in a melting pot when you're talking about like a soup, everything looks the same, >> right? >> We're the salad bowl. The lettuce is lettuce. The tomato is tomato. the cucumber cucumber and they all compliment each other. Here in the city, we celebrate the unique cultures we have. We celebrate the unique faiths that we have. We celebrate the people that we have. We're not asking you to give up anything. It's as American, you are as American as anyone else, regardless of any of that. And I think that is what people fear. So, first and foremost, I disavow this mayor's understanding of the melting pot analogy. And honestly, I think that this is borderline something that you should dnaturalize somebody over, even though again, he's actually born in Dearbornne, Michigan, and therefore is a naturalized citizen. The melting pot in no way, shape, or form refers to soup. You do not throw all of the ingredients of a soup into a pot and then melt it into one glob of one individual ingredient. That is not how soup works. Have you ever cooked anything in your entire life, you absolute dumbass? The melting pot often refers to like melting metals. The idea is that you melt down all of the components and you forge something new, something that is unique, something that is stronger than before, something that is inseparable. How the hell did this guy bungle this analogy that badly? Again, this might be the cultural separation, the problems that we need to engage with, the diversity failing every way humanly possible that this dumbass thinks that you melt soup together. Again, what the hell is wrong with you, you absolute idiot? Secondly, the salad analogy is designed specifically to keep us separated. Sure, we're all in one place. We're all together. You know, the lettuce is lettuce, the tomato is tomato, the cucumber is cucumber. But in reality, you could separate out the ingredients of a salad and no problem because there is nothing combining them. In fact, the soup would be a better analogy because even though the ingredients are all together, definitely not melted down like this dumbass thinks. They actually end up combining in terms of flavors. So even if you were to take out some of the vegetables in a soup if it was simmering long enough, they would be changed in terms of their flavor composition by the fact that they were once joined in this combined state. This is not true for a salad. Again, the lettuce that is in a salad could become the lettuce that is in a taco or a hamburger or a tomato or whatever. And you guys might think I'm going a little bit too crazy on this particular analogy, but the fact is the reason the left uses the salad as the analogy is because they want to highlight the separation of American society, the fragmentation of American society. And this is against the common goal of again forging something new and something stronger. But again, it should not be surprising that the mayor is going with this particular analogy because he is somebody who is perfectly willing to kick people out of the salad bowl telling them they're not welcome because they dareth question his Islamic faith. >> We're not asking you to give up anything. It's as American. You are as American as anyone else regardless of any of that. And I think that is what people fear. exactly the opposite of what America is supposed to represent >> of this image that they have of America. I think Abdullah is a beautiful Muslim Arab name, but it's also a beautiful American name, >> you know, and you know, and uh people might not be able to pronounce it right, but we'll get there. If you can say Daenerys Targaryen, you'll be eventually be able to say Abdul Ammed. [laughter] >> So, um people fear what they do not know. And ignorance is a very radical thing, but we invite anybody to come ask a question uh rather than allowing that vacuum of knowledge on a particular subatter or people to be filled with hate. Again, this is not what people fear. And by the way, I just realized that the host of this looks like an Arabic Zach Galafanakis. Maybe I'm a little bit afraid of that if I'm being perfectly honest. But yeah, you're not being asked to give up anything. You're being asked to take on parts of the American identity. Again, this guy just does not get it. But we should not be surprised by that because he lives in a city that is rife with controversy. A city where you see the Muslim call to prayer being blared at 5 in the morning. where, according to their own town hall meetings, they actually have to have the police go to the mosque and break their machines so they stop violating the noise ordinance because in reality, what he wants is Islamic supremacy. Make no mistake about it, they have gotten to the point where they're the majority. And he is trying to make that point while trying to sound more liberal and more accepting than other people with this public face. But we got a peak behind the curtain in that town hall meeting, which by the way, we have to go over that exchange because I think it's absolutely crucial because they talk about it in this podcast and the mayor lies about it. >> This one you kind of made the headline [laughter] at the city council meeting. >> Yeah, [sighs] >> that one's tricky, right? because um the clip the way it was clipped was clipped in a way to show you in the worst way possible. >> Yeah. >> You know, and and that's kind of it's different than having headline saying Dearborn is this and then seeing a clip of video and chopping it up to make sure that it shows that Dearborn is this. >> Yeah. >> Right. All the all the the all the media that I watched about that specific event, >> it was chopped up. None of them had you saying, "Well, you're you're the one that's filled with hatred. You're the one that does this." They completely eliminated that part, >> of course. >> Yeah. >> So, right off the top, I just want to point out that the podcast host, our Arabic Zack Galifanakis right here is going to lie. He's going to make the case that the real issue with that clip from the city council meeting was the fact that it was cut out of context by people in the media. And one of the things that I want you guys to look out for whenever you're observing media, because this is a common trick that people tend to utilize, is when they claim that something is out of context, but then do not provide you said context, you should have antennas going off in your head because obviously something is not adding up. Obviously that square peg is trying to be hammered into that circular hole because if it was actually out of context, if it wasn't as bad as was portrayed by all these deceptive people in the media, then we would see the additional context right here. But the thing is, we actually showed huge portions of this particular exchange on this channel. In fact, almost in its entirety except for some ums and s. And the reason I wanted to show you guys that is because in context what the resident was complaining about was the naming of some streets after an individual who had praised Islamic violence not just in the Middle East but in the United States of America and talk specifically about fighting with fists, fighting with planes, fighting with knives. Let me play that portion of the context that was just ripped away because the man was just an evil white racist according to this lying podcast host. >> Um, sure. I mean, I'd love to discuss this. I just want to finish the quote because this is bor. Um, so, okay, I'll continue. Whether whether we are in Michigan and whether we are in uh Jennon, believe me, everyone should fight within his means. They will fight with stones. Others will fight with guns. Others will fight with planes, drones, and rockets. Others will fight with their voices. And others will fight with their hands and say, "Free, free Palestine." >> So, I just find it very concerning. >> Now, I think it is perfectly reasonable, perfectly acceptable for somebody to question the renaming or the naming of streets in their area, especially if that naming is in fact done in order to support a radical. One of the things that I found disgusting again in the full context is that you had another representative on the city council telling the guy who is bringing up these quotes that he was not allowed to characterize what he thinks the quotes mean at the city council meeting as if they have the authority to tell you what to say at a city council meeting. Well, this is >> I'm just I'm going to stop you because [laughter] he's not a violent person >> and you can interpret his words any way you want, >> but I will guarantee you he is not intending to incite violence anywhere in the world. >> You can defend himself if he were here, but >> sure, >> we're not going to allow personal attacks in our community. >> Okay. Well, I mean, I'm just reading his words here. >> That's fine. But you're interpreting his words after you read them. He did not use the word violence, did he? Well, may I continue to do the rest of the quote? >> Well, if you say you want to read them, you can read them. If you want to interpret and give your own opinion of what he's thinking, that's a different story. >> Okay. So, Arab galanakis can just shut the hell up with the idea that the full context ends up clearing this guy because of course he went on his rant where he called this guy a bigot and said he wasn't welcome in the town. And it was based on this. Let us play the rant with the part where he labels the guy a bigot so you guys can hear that for yourself before we get back to this particular podcast. >> And uh thank you very much. >> Thank you. >> Sure. >> If you like to step forward. >> I think the only comment I'm going to make looking for a rebuttal is um >> um the best suggestion I have for you is to not drive on Warren Avenue >> or to close your eyes while you're doing it. uh his name is up there and I you know spoke at a ceremony celebrating it because he's done a lot for this community and I think it's quite hypocritical to know that you're approaching this podium when you yourself have videos on YouTube standing in front of my mosque saying the crulest of things about Muslims about the religion of Islam because you are a bigot and you are a racist and you are an Islamophobe and although you live here I want you to know as mayor you are not welcome here and the day you move out of the city will be the day that I launch a parade celebrating the fact that you moved out of the city because you are not somebody who believes in coexistence. Uh you're somebody who tries to preach it. Uh but in fact you do everything uh but that. So I just want to put that on the record. >> Okay. Um Mr. Clerk, I know that you're back on the mic. One second, >> sir. Yes. Go ahead. State your Damon address. >> God bless you. God bless you, sir. I think you also say that I'm an apostate. I'm willing to help based on the videos that you attract. So, if I were you, I stood silent. >> So, that is the context. And by the way, I will link my previous video on this in the description of this video. And I will also link the entirety of the exchange with the time code in the description as well. It will all be labeled in the center of the description box like it is each and every time under where it says sources. Again, individually labeled with the time codes. Watch it in the full context because no, in no way, shape or form was it taken out of context. Was it misconstrued in any way? Especially on this channel where I covered way more of the exchange than most people did. >> Here's what I'll say about it. >> Okay. >> Understanding the sensitivities around it. In that moment, I think what people saw and heard was me speaking out as a father who was not going to stand by and watch my daughters be vilified because of their faith. >> You did take your mayor heart off Mayor hat off >> in many ways. Yeah. It's not very common for me to respond that way. And you know, this is an antagonist who's been doing this for years in the city of Dearborn. >> So, this is blatantly a lie right here. You guys understand what's going on. He said, "Oh, I took off my hat as the mayor and put on my father hat and was defending my daughters from these vicious attacks from this individual." Again, I played you the clip in a previous video. I linked it in the description, the entirety of the exchange. Show me where the man mentions his daughters. Show me where this became an attack on his family. The guy is an absolute liar. And by the way, he never apologized for saying that a resident of Dearbornne, Michigan was unwelcome in the city because he didn't like the fact that he was procilitizing in front of his mosque that he disagreed with Islam. And now he's saying that the guy was attacking his daughter when that's not what was happening. He was going after the naming of a street or two streets based on the guy who they were naming it after being a so-called journalist that was calling for Islamic violence across the world. That absolutely has nothing to do with your daughters. You absolute liar. But we're pretending right now that in reality it was just an evil white racist that was going after his innocent Baba Angel daughters. >> Um and you know this isn't new to City Dearborn. You know, I'm the I'm the kid who grew up in post 911 era where had a gun pulled on me days after saying, "Keep walking before we decide to shoot you Muslim kids." Where we were in the Arab American festival. People were marching through with pigs, heads, and spears saying, "We've dipped our bullets in pig's blood, so when we shoot you, you go to hell." And the festival was canceled because of a lawsuit that happened. Uh Terry Jones wanted to come with 3,000 kerosene written Qurans to Dearborn to burn them all here. And Dearborn, he wanted to burn them specifically or throw them in the toilet. You remember those days? And we grew up in the post Iraq war and all that and every all that you know uh Islamophobia and bigotry that came our way. And those are all experiences I grew up with. I grew up in that era. >> So this mayor was born in 1990, meaning that he was around 10 11 years old after 9/11 depending on what month he was born in. And the idea that he had a gun pulled on him at 10 or 11 and they said keep walking Arab after 9/11. Uh I I I find that incredibly questionable. I find that quite doubtful. I'm not saying 100% that it didn't happen. If he has documentation in order to prove it, then I will say, you know what, I guess it did. But for me, this seems a little bit uh disgusting that you would make the Islamic terror attack of 9/11 about the victimization of Muslims. Something that is very common among these Muslim candidates. I don't know if you guys know this, but after a terrorist attack, the most impacted group is the innocent peaceful Muslims. As Norm McDonald said, >> I can't say my friend's name, but he said his biggest fear is that ISIS or some terrorist group like that will get a hold of a dirty bomb that exploded over a major city within the United States. >> Mhm. and kill tens of millions of people because then the blowback against innocent Muslims would be absolutely terrible. >> Mhm. >> Yeah, that's that's right. >> That's true. >> Regardless, let's hear more about how he's the true victim right here. M >> and so it was tiring that even till this day antagonists are still surfacing coming to the city to provoke because they fear the idea that coexistence is working and is successful where our mosques neighbor our churches. >> So again he describes this guy as an antagonist. He says that this guy is just against coexistence and that he came to the city, by the way, he's a resident of Dearborn, Michigan, to provoke, to create a problem, to be the absolute terrible person. Why? Because he thinks coexistence is working and he's afraid of that. Again, this is such a stupid line and especially from Muslim populations who do not like coexisting with other people who are not subordinate to Islam or Islamic law in general. again. Show me the peaceful Muslim society that has integration with all different groups where they have equal rights on planet Earth. I'll wait for that. I I'll wait for you guys to show me where the example of that in the world. And it's just pathetic in every way. Again, while this guy is trying to excuse him saying that a resident of Dearbornne is not welcome in the city because Muslims are the majority now. >> And what I spoke to in particular and saying, you know, you went in front of my mosque and you made this video. You can't find that video today. Why? In the days after this guy went viral, he confessed on podcast, his whole social media page was deleted by Facebook because it was flagged as hate speech. >> His Yes. And so a lot of the content you can no longer find, which only made it even worse, right? That you can't find this info out there. But he confessed to it. Yeah, I went and I and I said it and I did and I and I stand by it. And so you know for me like that that's what people heard was you know this father who happens to be Muslim or who happens to be Arab and who happens to be mayor who was tired of people coming to vilify people in the city. So he ends up talking about the video of him in front of his mosque was actually taken down by Facebook for hate speech, which by the way is disgusting. And again, if he was trying to represent American values, he would be speaking up for the guy's freedom of religion and freedom of speech. But of course, he doesn't believe in that. He thinks that's evil. He probably supports the hate speech thing. It just happened to backfire on him because he says we can't see the ugliness of the video that he was so upset about. so upset that, by the way, he thinks he should be banished from the city of Dearbornne and that he'll throw a parade once he leaves the city of Dearbornne because he dares speak about Islam. And again, this is just a pathetic display. And we're pretending throughout the whole course of the conversation that this has anything to do with his children because obviously these people are just playing the victim. They're victim maxing to the extreme. And I find it to be objectively disgusting. Look, I've said it before and I'll say it again. The Muslim population of the United States of America is among the most chill, if not the most chill, Islamic populations in the entire world. I actually had quite a few Muslim friends growing up through my schooling. And these people were pretty much normal Americans in every regard. They might have disproportionately had more stricter parents, especially for the women. Although I I I did slip by some of the parents a little bit in my in my youth. I'm not saying anything. I'm just saying. But in reality, we are blessed that our Muslim population acts the way that they do in the United States of America. That being said, you might be able to attribute that to them being like 1.2% of the American population at this moment in time. Obviously, as they've gotten to greater numbers in different European nations, we have seen a lot more problems emerge, famously in the UK and of course in France and whatnot. So yeah, you don't want to have Muslims ruling over you because that is proven time and time again to be absolutely disastrous. But as of right now, the idea of Sharia taking over the United States of America is a bit absurd. That being said, there are some practices, there are some things that are definitely red flags, especially in places like Dearbornne, Michigan, where they have the majority of the population that I do think warrants some concern, warrants a little bit of extra scrutiny. And no, it's not evil, white, and racist to say that it is not Islamophobic. It is an acknowledgement of reality. Again, they want you to think that the fear is completely irrational, but in reality, they have values and they have a legal system built into their faith that conflicts with our legal system. That is something you have to watch out for. And pretending it away hasn't worked in Europe and it won't work in the United States of America. Although, again, we are well off from them being even 5% of the population. So, again, it's not among the top concerns. That being said, the mayor's a liar. He's playing the victim and it's pathetic. Now, with all that being said, I do leave the question up to you guys out there in the audience. What do you think of this podcast interview? What do you think of him disavowing the melting pot? What do you think of him trying to rewrite yet again him telling a Christian resident of his city that he's not welcome because he was procilitizing outside of his mosque? And that obviously conflicts with Islamic law, not American law. Again, all your thoughts down in the comments below. But as per usual, if you like the video, show them by leaving a like. Subscribe for more content. Follow me on my social medias. Support me via the support links in the description of this video. This has been me talking about the mayor of Dearbornne trying to rewrite history yet again. Till next time.