throw this switch, the enterprise should answer. >> The inclusivity and the um it it knows no bounds. I can't think of an element of the entire show or series that isn't that way. >> Activism, love it. >> I get so emotional because I feel like shooting the show, it taught me, it taught me that my capacity to love is deeper than I thought. Oh, [laughter] >> next. >> Uh, I think I swallowed my comb batch. >> I bet you. >> I'm sure a bunch of you have heard that we are expanding the Star Trek universe. I actually don't feel entirely qualified to be the one to do it. >> Nerdotic.com. >> Greetings, you over 1 million practitioners of common sense in the 40% who haven't subscribed yet. It's been a long time since we talked about Star Trek, and there's a good reason. It's dead. >> [music] >> is danger. >> Oh, sure. There's a lot of content that has been produced under the name of Star Trek on streaming services like CBS All and then P+. But this is what's known as Curtsman Trek, a zombie franchise. What is a zombie franchise? Well, it's the corpse of a previously beloved television show or movie, repeatedly reanimated and defiled by opportunistic hacks who are [music] not fit to clean the toilets of the men and women who created the original. And currently, Hollywood is littered with zombie franchises and some might argue actual zombies. But I digress. And isn't it interesting that Kathleen Kennedy decided to leave her zombie franchise, Disney Star Wars, within 24 hours of the release of Star Trek Starfleet Academy? a show that should be the final nail in the Curtsman Trek coffin. And I look forward to the day where we don't have to break out this meme again. But today is not that day. Our expectations were low. But holy And all this in the year where Star Trek is celebrating its 60th anniversary. Long gone are the days of a show that explored issues through allegorical science fiction while never talking down to its audience, while also being entertaining and engaging with episodes like The City on the Edge of Forever. The best of both worlds. The Inner Light in the Pale Moonlight, The Measure of a Man, Yesterday's Enterprise, Balance of Terror, Duet, Space Seed, Chain of Command. All featuring characters that in some cases are so iconic people could name them on site without having watched a single episode of Star Trek. It was the first TV show to have its own conventions. It influenced real world science. >> I want Star Trek. [laughter] Just give me Star Trek. >> And inspired people to get into the field of science. It was a cultural phenomenon because it showed a hopeful future for humanity where we could get past our differences. It was inspirational and aspirational. Then there's Curtsman Trek that spawned from Jar Abrams Bad Reboot Trek where two of the three of the Jar Abrams Trek movies were produced by David Ellison's Sky Dance who now owns Paramount. More on that later. Alex Curtsman commenced to buggering Gene Rodenber's and Rick Berman's optimistic vision of a united future by turning it into a dark nihilistic vision of the future filled with excessive violence including but not limited to widespread death torture and cannibalism or more accurately sentient consumption. Then of course there's all the modern vernacular. >> Dude creeps [music] me out. >> You want to be ass Romulons for the rest of your life. >> And don't think we won't kick your ass dirt bag because we will. I don't believe this dialogue. Do humans really talk like that. >> Foul language. Pissing me off. >> Shut the up. Cheekyers. >> Nobody pays any attention to you unless you swear every other word. >> Cringe dialogue. >> You was an idiot. Would you like to join me in making Lil scream? >> Yum. Yum. >> Insufferable girl bosses. >> Any other suggestions? >> I believe that we should. >> I was asking Captain Georgio. >> You may think we're on the same team. You have no idea what I'm thinking. >> Sheer hubris >> and character assassination like making Pequard a sad and broken old man. And then killing Pequard only to resurrect his consciousness in an exact robot copy of his 94year-old body. Then there's dyslexic Spock, crying Spock, and singing Spock. That goes with singing Cllingons. Why you only calling [music and singing] us when you got your dramas? One of these days we will say you >> and let's not forget the kinder and gentler Borg Queen and killing off Q with space cancer. Kurtsman Trek is filled with forgettable episodes featuring forgettable characters and lots and lots of crying. And the only thing this show will inspire anyone to do is seek out Canadian healthcare. >> It's made of our you know. >> And this brings us to Star Trek Starfleet Academy. A show that takes place 800 years after Kirk Spock and McCoy. Now free of the shackles of cannon. This is Curtsman Trek in its final form. And it is truly the acolyte of Star Trek. I've put this off long enough. Let's talk about Star Trek Starfleet Academy. A very early contender for the worst show that you won't see this year. A series that was pitched as Harry Potter meets Star Trek >> X-Men First Class as well as Harry Potter in general. And I think the thing that was always uh for us really interesting about Harry Potter was how much we loved the teachers as much as we loved the students. >> When in truth, it's Dawson's Trek or One Trek Hill. All in an effort to find that mythical modern audience of Gen Z or Gen ALPHA 6. >> NOW, to be fair, the opening voiceover for Star Trek Starfleet Academy is a pretty good description of what happened to Star Trek. Long ago, Starfleet Academy took the finest minds, hearts, and spirits of every generation and taught them to be lifelong explorers of space. One day, fate handed us an unimaginable loss. The show starts out with our main character, Caleb, with his mom, played by Tatiana Maslani, along with Paul Giamati, and oh brother, I hope you're getting a good paycheck for this. Playing a half Cllingon, half Telerite. They are being held for the crime of murder while they were trying to steal food. Why would somebody need to steal food in the 32nd century when there's replicators everywhere? Well, we'll get to that. Paul Giamotti's news broka is sent to prison and Tatiana Muslani is sent to a rehabilitation camp, but the judge Nala, I hate that name, played by Holly Hunter, specifically says it's not a prison. >> You will be placed in a rehabilitation camp. It's not prison. and she can have visitation rights with her son who she is now obviously going to be separated from because she committed a crime. Caleb is now going to be a ward of the Federation until of course this small child steals Nala Aake's tomb badge and escapes. Now, how does a small child escape from this facility on a distant planet during a dust storm? I have no idea. We jump ahead 15 years later and we find out Holly Hunter, and no, I'm not going to call her by her name in the show, quit after this because she feels remorse for separating a child from his mother. I'm not really sure why, because that's usually what happens when a mother is, say, an accessory to murder, but I'm pretty sure it's so they could force this line in the show. >> Separating children from their parents isn't exceptional. It's reprehensible >> message. >> You know, it's subtle, but I think they're trying to say something there. And because Alex Curtsman's not going to let the STD dream die, we get our first returning character, Admiral Vance. >> It's made of our, you know, >> and going to be real, that's the only line I remember the guy delivering, and I've seen all of Star Trek Discovery. Any who, he informs her that they will be bringing back Starfleet Academy, and it's going to be in San Francisco, California. Admiral Vance asks her to be chancellor, which she turns down, but then he entices her in with the possibility of finding Caleb. And wouldn't you know it, they find Caleb. And I know what you're thinking. That's pretty convenient considering you just don't shoot from the hip when you're hiring a chancellor of Starfleet Academy. It's something that probably would have taken some thought. So, was he going to hire her before they found Caleb, knowing that he would be the only thing she would come back for, or did he think of it after he got Caleb? And the best thing to do is not think about these things when it comes to Curtsman. Following in his mother's footsteps, Caleb got busted and instead of going to prison, he's offered an opportunity to go to Starfleet Academy by the woman who separated him from his mother, Holly Hunter. Now, you would think this would be a good opportunity to show character growth with both of these characters through the conflict of them learning to trust each other over the course of the season. And no, they just kind of get along immediately. Holly Hunter informs Caleb that his mother has broken out of prison. >> Your mother broke out of prison a year ago? I think this is a good time to tell you one of the hallmarks of Curtsman Trek is not only does it not pay attention to Star Trek cannon, it doesn't pay attention to its own show. Because not 2 minutes earlier, Holly Hunter said that she wasn't going to a prison. >> It's not prison. >> And that's going to be the premise for this season anyway and it'll probably roll into the second. And yes, it's going to get a second season. And we'll get to that as well. As far as the plot goes, well, there isn't really one in the first episode. It's more of the friends we meet on the way. Caleb arrives at Starfleet Academy and immediately we hear the voice of Steven Cobear as Digital Dean because that'll get the youngsters to watch and immediately we get that trademark modern vernacular in Curtsman track. Make sure to visit because sometimes hater is the greatest enemy of all. >> Oh, and the Starfleet Academy is a ship that looks exactly like the com badge. Now, there's some debate on what it looks like. Some say a dream catcher. My producer X-ray girl says it looks like a vagina. But if it wasn't for book ship in Star Trek Discovery, this would get my vote as the worst looking ship in Star Trek. And as far as those friends we meet on the way are concerned, joining the pantheon of iconic Star Trek characters like Kirk, Spock, McCoy, Scotty Uhura Bicard Data Troy Wararf Riker Cisco Park Odo Janeway, Chicote, Tuvac, seven of nine, Archer, and Tal are Laura Thawk, the stern and abrasive first officer and drill instructor who was half Klingon and half Gem Hadar. Now, never mind the fact that Gem Hadar are a genetically engineered race that's traditionally male who are bred in pods and can't procreate, but I guess one of them got the functional junk option package. And yes, this is a drill instructor who was in charge of things like physical fitness and demands people do things like push-ups. >> Push-ups now. I SAID NOW, RIGHT NOW ON THE [screaming] FLOOR, DOWN. >> And because apparently Curtsman Trek was lacking for girl bosses, she's a girl boss. Yes, idiot. Back back. >> And I know she's a drill instructor and that's what drill instructors do, but reverse the roles on this one. Do you think Alex Kurtzman would ever film a scene of a man doing this to a woman? No. Speaking of girl bosses, there's Holly Hunter, who's both the chancellor of Starfleet Academy and the captain of the USS Athena, which is the Starfleet Academy. And she's a free spirit who doesn't like to wear regulation footwear and sit in her captain seat like a 5-year-old. She also likes activism and is an advocate for social change. >> Activism. Love it. Advocating for social change matters. >> That nonsense is centuries behind us. >> Robert Picardo has returned to scorch his legacy as the EMH doctor. and he's gotten off to a good start by taking a page from the Lucas film Rings of Power and Hell Curts Trek playbook by taking a preemptive shot at the fandom before the show was even released by calling any critics of the show bigots because that always works. There's Darham the Coahonian, a new race made up by Curtsman Trek, who is a bully and a lovable who will become fast friends with everybody. >> Like I said, I'm [music] >> And one of the species he bullies is the Klingon Jen. Get it, Jaden. [laughter] >> Stupid. >> A character best described by the actor who plays him. >> We are redefining what it means to be a warrior. You know what I mean? Like a warrior doesn't always mean picking up, you know, a weapon and going into battle. >> Klingons do not express feeling. >> And yes, he is a Klingan who doesn't want to be a warrior. He wants to be a doctor and he likes to watch birds. I watch birds. >> Klingons do not allow themselves to be probed. >> I'm going to go out on a limb here. I think they modulate his voice. >> A warrior does not let a friend face danger alone. >> A warrior does not let a friend face danger alone. manga. Then there's the sentient hologram Sam, who was only 4 months old, but she was programmed to be a rotund 17-year-old who wants to eventually integrate with a biologic. I mean, how? And you're going to have to find a big one. But she checks a couple of boxes because you have your body positivity and neurode divergent representation because she's awkward and doing wacky things like not knowing how to shake hands or asking you what your favorite land mass or volcano is. So, you have a favorite Earth restaurant or lamb mash. >> Now, I think this is unintentionally hilarious because in about 10 years, people are going to look back on this the same way people look back on blackface. Again, I think it's hilarious. We also have Genesis, who I couldn't tell you a thing about. And because there isn't enough awkward neurodyiverency representation, and Curtsman Trek, we have Cadet Pickford, who does things like eat her com. >> I think I swallowed my com badge. You know, because those silly Billy autistic kids are always trying to eat their phones. She also runs around screaming red alert during a red alert. >> Red alert. Red alert. Red alert. >> You don't have to say it. >> And she's jealous of the other neurode divergent kid. >> You're absorbing all the energy in the room. For real. You're like a sponge. >> And let's keep in mind that the producers of the show created it specifically to attract new young viewers. And this is what they think of you. Later on in episode two, they introduce Brett Cooper. Brett, taking time from her content creation on YouTube is the daughter of a betazoid president who's deaf. And I guess you're just supposed to ignore the fact that while it does vary, they are a telepathic race. And I guess you have to also ignore the fact that they can do things like give Jordy back his sight and put Bard's consciousness in a robot body. But considering that Curtsman has people in wheelchairs and fat people, I guess you just got to roll with it. And yes, Scotty was fat, but that was also centuries ago in the timeline. Oh, and I don't want to leave out the return of another Star Trek Discovery character, Tigaro, who is breaking a lot of ground here with her acting skill by playing Tigaro, a sarcastic lesbian girl boss. >> I only know two things, kid. Number one, old age and treachery always triumph over youth and a smart mouth. Number two, a smart mouth isn't worth a damn without wisdom. >> Shut up. >> The range with this woman is something to behold. And last, but not least, Paul Giamotti as the [music] clingerite. noose bracka. That's right. Half Klingon, half telerite, who is the master of modern vernacular analogies that make absolutely no sense. >> Time with its infinite sense of humor will always fall upon itself like an origami chicken. >> What the are you talking about, man? >> And that is your cast of the latest Curtsman show. Names that will go down in history and will be remembered in the minutes to come. Now, why do they have to reboot Starfleet in Star Trek? Well, that's because of the burn. Something the vast majority of you will never have heard of because the vast majority of you have not seen Star Trek Discovery because you're smart. I will try to keep this as brief as possible. A young Kelpian who is the same race as Saru, who you probably haven't heard of cuz he's in Star Trek Discovery. Due to in Udero exposure to diliththium radiation, bonded with dithium on the molecular level. As you may or may not know, dythium crystals are used in Star Trek to regulate the warp core. And it's used in most ships, but not all. Anyway, this young alien who was molecularly bonded to the dithium cried for his mama and every ship in the known galaxy and possibly universe blew up. >> That is an entirely implausible plot development. >> Don't believe me? Look it up. Anyway, that destroyed the possibility of interstellar travel for the Federation for over a hundred years. The best part is there was an overarching plot called the burn in a show whose acronym is STD. >> But the burn is finally behind us. You just can't make this stuff up. And I guess the best comparison would be say you grew up next to a nuclear power plant and you bonded with the uranium on the molecular level and then stubbed your toe and blew up every nuclear sub and aircraft carrier on the planet. Simply put, this show along with all the previous Curtsman Trek shows say for one is dumb. >> Logic is an integral part of narrative structure. >> And comparing it to the CW would be an insult to the CW and it's best described by my good friend Drinker as anti-entertainment. And like I said earlier, the plot to both of the first two episodes of this show that you will most likely not see are barely worth mentioning and dumb as well. At the end of the first episode, all the kids work together to fight off the pirate Paul Giamati who has tic-tac-toe cut into his fade who captured the ship to steal its warp drive, but he was defeated by Caleb and his master hacking skills because the kids love hackers these days. In the second episode, we find out that the Betazoid home world, Beta Zed, during the burn had become isolationist and put a wall around their planet. I mean, wouldn't it be a bubble? But either way, based. But the Federation thinks this is bad for the youth and they should rejoin the Federation. I wonder what they'd think about Wakanda. And then they go ahead and have pretty sensitive and important negotiations in front of all the students who for some reason get to have their say. Never mind the fact that just a couple of seasons ago when Star Trek Discovery when Stacy Abrams was playing Earth, I'm sorry, the president of Planet Earth, Earth was isolationist. Anyways, we get a happy ending, which are not unusual in San Francisco as long as you pay the right price. Caleb has a little crush on Brett Cooper. Good news, she has a crush on him and joins the War College, which is also within Starfleet Academy, which has now been rebooted and it will have the best of the best of the fat neurode divergent people being taught by Tignitaro. And the betazoids of Beta Zed are joining the Federation in an episode called Beta Test. Fascinating. >> And I honestly couldn't tell you if this is actually the worst of Curtsman Trek I've seen at all. Thankfully, I've forgotten so much, but it feels like it is. And while they have attempted to parody Star Trek in the past with shows like Lower Decks, this is the first time they've tried to do it in live action. They're really trying to do an Orville thing here because Alex Curtsman has not had an original thought in his life. So they're making a copy of the Star Trek parody when in truth Star Trek is an unintentional parody of itself. And again, it's filled with all the hallmarks of Curtsman Trek, including you have no idea how much time has passed or how much distance is traveled. The world building is atrocious. And there's lots of feelings. feelings in shrasscrafts, feelings in corridors, and feelings in vacuous bridges that could double for a hanger or the stage of one of those stupid singing shows like The Mass Singer. And when you're not eating them, you need to use your commges just to talk to each other on this bridge. You can't tell they wasted a lot of money on this show. The directing, editing, and acting are horrendous. There's forced humor, forced conflicts, forced relationships, forced diversity with dialogue written by somebody who obviously has zero experience in genre, specifically science fiction. But they do have past credits in shows like Nancy Drew and The Magicians. And it's filled with that Curtsman Trek trademark modern vernacular. >> A teachable moment. The next hall is now open. Make sure to visit because sometimes hanger is the biggest of all. Like I said, I'm kind >> Leave your business man cuz it's too big for your >> Quit around. >> And the final hallmark of Curtsman Trek, not a shred of masculinity to be found. And the questions on everyone's mind are the same questions anyone would have who was masochistic enough to watch a season or even an episode of Curtsman Trek. Who is this for and why are they still making it? It's a total mystery. Outside of Peicard season 3 and some tepid early interest in strange new worlds, Kurtzman Trek has never really charted or hit any metric to show it was popular in any way. Hell, forget popular, even if it was watched by a reasonable enough amount of people to justify what they spend on this show. We have never seen a sign of that. But we have seen metrics and data points going the other way, including a sharp decline in the Star Trek fandom, which is essentially aging out because now two generations could give a about it. And the ones that still do are angry. The trailer was ratioed to oblivion. The episode that we'll talk about in a second that was put on YouTube was ratioed into oblivion. It's got a 43% audience score on Rotten Tomatoes and a 2.1 on Metacritic. Of course, the corporate critics love it and they're making the accusations of review bombing. Herzman Trek streamed exclusively on CBS All until it failed. Then it was taken over by Paramount Plus where it streamed exclusively on the platform of a company that was billions in debt and had to be sold to a production company, Sky Dance. And you have to think a major contributor to that debt is Curtsman Trek. It has been reported that a single episode of Starfleet Academy cost anywhere between six to10 million, maybe more. And we've never really known what the true numbers are for this show. We have heard rumors that it's watched maybe by a few thousand to 10,000 people and that's it. You would think that's impossible. This is Star Trek. But something happened recently that might back this up and things might actually be worse. Somebody at Paramount had the bright idea to release the first episode of Star Trek Starfleet Academy for free on YouTube. Credit where credit is due. They kept up the comment section and the chat. And I was there and I watched it when it hit its peak concurrent viewer count of just over,300 viewers for a Star Trek show that cost between 6 and $10 million. That is embarrassing. What's more embarrassing is I put a Spock action figure on an empty chair, streamed it, and got three times the live viewers for the cost of a piping hot cup of coffee, and that's nothing. There are streamers out there who can get more concurrent live viewers than the episode has in total right now. And don't get me started on the review videos. Drinker might get that in his first hour. By the way, this is not a flex. These are just facts. And in truth, it's sad. I love Star Trek and I would love to see more good Star Trek. Curtsman is not capable of it. But when heed off, we did get Pequard season 3 and that reunion on the Enterprise D. And I did not mean for that to rhyme. And that was glorious. But instead of getting a spin-off from that with Legacy, Curtsman's ego would not allow that. And he forged ahead with his baby Starfleet Academy. And if you want to know how Paramount feels about this under its new ownership, this might be telling, and yes, it's anecdotal. If you go over to X and check out Star Trek on Paramount Plus, Star Trek and the Paramount Plus accounts, they haven't posted a single thing about it. Wish I could tell you different, but Star Trek has been and remains a very dead franchise. And Alex Curtsman killed it. >> Uh, Black Lives Matter, the NAACP. The goal is not really to promote Star Trek, but to promote these organizations and to use our platform to be able to bring greater awareness to these very, very important messages and places. His brain is gone >> and it would take nothing short of a miracle to bring it back. And just another nail in the coffin is Star Trek Starfleet Academy. A Star Trek show made for people who don't know anything about Star Trek for people who don't like Star Trek. >> If you like what you heard, please like, share, and subscribe. If you didn't like what you heard, I thank you for listening this long. I will see you in the next video. Season 1. In three words, how would you describe it?