As a director, do you regret not using AI to possibly be more quick and efficient Fader 2? Good question. No, I do not regret not using AI for Vader episode 2 simply because, and I've said this many times, I'll just make it clear again. AI is fun to watch for these little videos on YouTube. But you don't get me wrong, they have a lot of issues. Like they do not evoke emotion, right? They they do feel somewhat hollow no matter how good. And that's simply because AI is not at the point yet where it can evoke every single little nuance of facial expression that you may not even notice or be able to register in your brain, but you subconsciously do. Or how a person walks or, you know, there will be things that do look robotic or like a machine created it. And so at the very heart of it, yeah, it's very entertaining. It's very cool. It's very fun. But at the moment, it will not be as true to form as actual animation or live action. So the cost effectiveness of AI is definitely there. It's definitely prevalent and lucrative if you want to think of it like that. And it saves you a lot of money. And it would have saved me a ton of money, hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars and headaches and time. But I do believe in paying artists for a project that I believe is going to be revolutionary in the Star Wars community and uh to be able to tell the story the way that I want it to be told. I don't think AI can do that. You're limited. You're very limited with AI. It's like, okay, so I can have this angle for, you know, 4 seconds and then I got to switch to another angle and no, I want it done right. I got to pay the big bucks and that's a burden on me, but the end product will speak for itself and it's going to be timeless. I don't think AI will be able to replicate what Vader 2 will do within the next several years. >> Well, if droids could think, there'd be none of us here, would there? >> So, therefore, I am not regretful of not using AI. And we've employed a [ __ ] ton of artists, man. Spent well over half a million dollars already, all artists. And in my career, I've definitely spent over a million dollars on artists, employing artists, paying artists, respecting their work. So I I always find it laughable when people are, you know, saying, "Oh, he's endorsing AI endorse real artists." It's like, I do. And none of these people that are just literal social justice warriors, uh, who have probably never paid an artist in their life and use chat GPT to do their homework. I have no clue what they're talking about, who they're talking to. So, if anyone has a right to actually observe AI or react to AI, it would be me because I have paid and employed well over a million dollars for artists all around the world uh in my time. So, good question. You know, on the on the context of AI, to make it clear again, yeah, they're really cool. They're fun for these little projects and all that, but you know, when it comes down to making a real movie, making something that will stand the test of time, making something that will make you feel something. Hire real artists. Make a real project. make a real movie and it's going to cost you money and it's going to cost you time and stress and learning curves because believe me, you're going to dump money into making something and you're going to direct it and you're going to be like, "Well, this is kind of shit." So, you have to perfect your directing abilities and that just is through failure and repetition really. Um, and in being a director, I am nowhere [ __ ] near where I'm going to be in several years or, you know, where I want to be. But that's trial and error. And I'm sure I'll look back at Vader 2 and be like, "God, that was god- aful the way I I wanted things." But that's where I am right now. And I'm lucky to have a very talented team that is in the industry, who knows how to shoot films and direct and all that stuff and gives me great pointers and does a lot of great stuff themselves to make the film synergistically, which is what a movie is. A whole bunch of different teams coming together to put together something that's going to be wellreceived. And that's why I love movies is because you're using all of the arts, you know, you using Yeah. VFX, you're using artists, you're using music, you're using sketch work. If it's live action, you're using wardrobe. There's so many different art departments going into a movie to synergistically come together and create one beautiful piece that will speak to your soul. And I don't think AI can do that yet. I think VFX artists and I think live action can do that. theory probably regretting spending 10 mil on a fan film when all these AI things are probably going to look just as good, maybe even better. Probably the most incorrect comment I've seen all year. There is no AI that could look better than Vader episode 2 for probably the next year at least. Not even on the same playing field whatsoever. The thing, you know, even beyond the animation with Vader 2 compared to AI is that I have obviously vision. I'm not saying [ __ ] that sound bad. >> It's insulting. I'm not saying guys who do AI don't have vision, but the amount of experience that I have with making movies of like 10 years now on YouTube and like even before that, you know, being a kid making little home movies is beyond anything that you can learn from AI because AI doesn't really it does a lot of the work for you. So, it's not really like training your brain to create something from scratch. So, what I mean by that is also like the music, the sound effects, which I was all trained by when I was making fanfictions, when I was making comic videos. The little things that you wouldn't even notice, but it like makes it so much more impactful. That all takes time, trial and error, constantly watching something over and over again to see, you know, what if I do this here? What if I add that? What if I cut this this way? That transition doesn't work. What if I do this? This looks better. No, I like it the other way. That takes years of time, man. It's you can't buy that. And a computer can't do that unless you know what to look for. So everything from the music to the sound effects to [ __ ] like fading of the sound effects when you fade it, when you enter it, when you want it have that crescendo, like when the beats, how should the footsteps sound? These are like little things that you would never even think of. How should the sound of the cape be? Should it be more crunchy? Should it be more bassy? Like these aren't things that you just put it into AI and it's like, "Okay, yeah, it just does a flag sound in the wind." You want it to sound heavy. You can't do that [ __ ] with AI. And even if you could, you have to have the brain and the experience and the directorial experience, which comes from years of failure. I look at Vader episode 1 now and I'm like, "Wow, uh, there's a lot that could have been done better, and I should have directed that." That's a whole another story. You know how many times I had my SFX guy go over this scene? This scene to do the sound for this? I lost count so many times because I was like, "Well, we need it needs to be more crunchy, more heavy, more punchy." cuz you're you're putting in you're factoring in his weight plus falling at a distance, whatever the distance is, and gravity and how he lands and the material that he's landing on. How do you want that to translate without having to read it or explain it or anything and just from a [ __ ] 0.5 second sound effect? I imagine you you mute this and you just have a squeak sound. Do you see what I'm saying? It sounds, it does not convey the level of power or authority. [music] With AI, you you put that prompt in, you're not going to get that level of control. There's a major major difference. So, do not get me wrong. AI is fun. It's cool. For these little videos on YouTube that blow up because Disney is not giving it to us, but that is not to replace real artistry. that is not to replace real artists working [music] on a movie. So, let's uh let's get that straight. AI will I do not regret not using AI. >> Now, fulfill your destiny. >> [music]