Isn't it funny how history just keeps repeating itself? Here we are in the year of our Lord 2025 with a new Fantastic 4 movie on the way from a troubled studio already blighted by rumors of a difficult production and desperate lastminute re-shoots to try to salvage the movie. And for some reason, it brought back memories of another Fantastic 4 movie from 10 years ago. a movie with such a nightmarishly difficult production and such disastrously bad reception that it basically killed the studios involvement with the franchise and the director's entire career. I'm talking of course about Fantic. Oh my god. Now, to fully understand how this movie came about, I need to give you a little history lesson. The problems date all the way back to the 1980s when a cash strap Marvel sold off the film rights to some of their most iconic characters in a decision that still haunts them to this very day. In the case of the Fantastic 4, the rights went to Constantine Films in 1986, but they came with a 10-year time limit, basically meaning that the studio had to do something with them by 1996 or they'd default back to Marvel. Unfortunately, the '90s weren't exactly a golden age for superhero flicks. There was no real audience demand for a Fantastic 4 movie and Constantine Films didn't have the resources to do something like that anyway. So, they did what any [ __ ] studio would do and hired the king of be movies himself, Roger Corman, to direct a low-budget unreleased Fantastic 4 movie purely as a rights retainer. Apparently, though, the actors were never told about this plan and thought that they were making a genuine movie. But whatever. The first serious attempt came in 2005 when the superhero craze finally took off. 20th Century Fox bought the rights and made their own big budget adaptation of the Fantastic 4 and it was yeah, okay, I guess it made the studio a decent profit and it was enough to greenlight a sequel, but Rise of the Silver Surfer cost more and made less and it was a pretty [ __ ] movie overall. So, plans for a third movie were quickly scrapped. But you don't need me to tell you that Marvel had not been idle during this time. The MCU launched in 2008 and quickly turned into a box office juggernaut. Marvel, who were once forced to sell off the rights to their own characters just to keep the lights on, were the new king of the hill, and they wanted their [ __ ] toys back. That old licensing agreement from way back in 1986 was still in effect. And if Fox didn't release a new movie by 2016, the rights to the Fantastic 4 would revert to Marvel again. Clearly, this was not acceptable, and so a new Fantastic 4 movie was green lit in 2009 with Akiva Goldsman producing and Michael Green writing the scripts. The plan was to reboot the franchise and start over, ignoring the first two movies and hopefully launching a new franchise. Unfortunately, they struggled to make much progress for the first few years. But that all changed with the release of Chronicle, a low-budget dark sci-fi superhero movie by Josh Tran that went on to make $120 million against a 15 million budget. In the process, Trunk was catapulted from a relatively unknown newbie to Hollywood's Golden Boy overnight, and Fox were quick to see his potential at the helm of a Fantastic 4 movie. So, pretty soon, Tran was hired to direct with Jeremy Slater doing the script writing. Unfortunately, this is the point in our story where things start to go wrong. According to Slater himself, the two men had completely different creative visions for this film. Slater wanted a bright, optimistic, and very conventional superhero movie. Basically, Fox's answer to the Avengers. Trank, on the other hand, wanted a dark, gritty psychological story about personal trauma and body horror. You know, kind of like Chronicle. Slater also claimed that Tran had no interest in the Fantastic 4 or superhero movies in general, rejected most of his ideas, rewrote the script himself, and left him out of discussions with the studio. The two men were at loggerheads right from the start, and eventually all became too much for Slater, who left the project after about 6 months. With time running out, Simon Kinberg was brought in to try to salvage something from Slater's notes. What they ended up with was a Frankenstein's monster of a script stitched together from different ideas that still didn't have a finished third act. But [ __ ] it. There was no choice but to press ahead and hope they could figure something out later. Casting also became a big point of contention. Allegedly, Tran wanted Allison Williams for the role of Sue Storm, but Fox overruled him and cast Kate Mara instead. A decision that would come back to haunt all of them once shooting began. He did get his own way with Miles Teller and Michael B. Jordan, though, even if it meant rewriting the script to make him Sue's adopted brother instead of her actual brother because, well, you know. Anyway, shooting finally got underway in May 2014. And by all accounts, the problems began almost immediately. According to this article from the Hollywood Reporter, Tran began micromanaging his actors to the point of obsession. During takes, he would be telling cast members when to blink and when to breathe. One person says he kept pushing them to make the performance as flat as possible. One particular target for him was apparently Kate Mara. According to an interview she did with the Independent in 2020, she described the experience as horrendous, that she felt she was singled out because she was the only woman on an allmale set and claimed that she was reduced to tears on multiple occasions. One popular theory is that Tran was still pissed about having his casting choice for the character overruled by the studio and deliberately set out to sabotage Mara's performance. Tran, on the other hand, said that these claims were either blatant mistruths or extreme exaggerations to the point of satire. I'll let you be the judge. But it seems like Kate wasn't the only one having issues with him. Miles Teller was getting increasingly frustrated with Tran's directing style and clashed with him on several occasions. At one point, things apparently even got physical between the two men. Again, Tran offered a different explanation and claimed that Teller was arrogant and full of himself. An interview with Polygon says the actor took a I'm a movie star now approach to acting, which involved questioning even the most low impact performance requests. Either way, there's no denying that the atmosphere on set was getting increasingly toxic as the shoot dragged on. And according to reports from multiple sources, Tran began to isolate himself from the rest of the cast and crew. He holed up in a tent and cut himself off from everybody, says one highlevel source. He built a black tent around his monitor. He was extremely withdrawn between setups. He would go to his trailer and he wouldn't interact with anybody. Tran later claimed that it was just a traditional video village setup because sometimes you can't actually be out standing next to the camera because the camera's on a [ __ ] dolly. Needless to say, Fox were getting pretty nervous about all of this, but they were also reluctant to intervene for two reasons. One, the movie was halfway through production, and it would be tough to find anyone willing to take over. And two, they already had a reputation for micromanaging big film projects at the time, and they didn't want to make things even worse. So, they waited until the first rough cut was ready. And wow, did things go downhill fast after that. Up until then, there was still some kind of hope that Tran could deliver on his creative vision for the film. Sure, there had been problems on set, but that wasn't exactly unknown in the film industry. But after that first rough cut, there was just no hiding it anymore. Fant forstick was turning into a [ __ ] disaster. Straight away they went into panic mode and ordered major re-shoots, especially on the third act. Tran was sidelined and Simon Kinberg took over trying to cobble together an ending from the scraps that they had. Getting the cast back together was almost impossible since they'd all moved on to new projects by that point. So, a lot of material was shot with doubles and the production moved to LA to film scenes with Teller against a green screen. It was chaos, says a crew member, adding that Tran was still in attendance, but was neutralized by committee. Kate Mara had shaved her head for another role, forcing the production to shove the kind of wig on her that would make Steven Seagal feel embarrassed and just hope that nobody would notice. Well, it turns out that they did. Fanforstick finally released into the August dumping ground in 2015 to a critical lambastion and went on to bring in less than 170 million worldwide, officially making it a flop. Plans for future movies were immediately cancelled, and Josh Tran did his best to distance himself from the movie, feeling like it was no longer even his project. It was basically a gigantic embarrassment for everyone involved. And clearly, someone had to carry the can. So, naturally, Fox wasted no time throwing Josh Tran under the bus. Before you knew it, conveniently timed articles were starting to pop up in the trades, detailing the problems on set and blaming Tran for most of it. Almost overnight, he went from Hollywood's golden boy who was being touted as the next J.J. Abrams. Remember when that was considered a compliment to a virtual pariah in the industry that nobody wanted to work with? In fact, in the decades since this movie came out, he's only released one film. But was it really all his fault or was he just a misunderstood scapegoat to hide a much bigger problem? Well, I think in retrospect, he was definitely the wrong choice for the project and his creative vision didn't really mesh with the tone of the Fantastic 4. He was also an inexperienced director thrown into a project 10 times bigger than anything he'd worked on before and expected to just magically make it happen. And to be fair, there's been some defense of him in recent years. According to one crew member who worked on the movie, the film was illconceived, made for the wrong reasons, and there was no vision behind the property. Say what you will about Marvel, but they have a vision. Are you serious? Oh, how times have changed. Another commented, "To me it was a classic indictment of the entire system. Give Josh Tran a 20 million movie. Groom him. But they don't make those movies anymore. Nobody should escape scrutiny on this one. Everyone should take a good look in the mirror. Myself included. Even I probably did the movie for the wrong reasons. But hey, I'm sure everyone learned their lessons when it came to Fantastic 4 movies. I mean, it's not as if a disaster like this could ever happen again, right? Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.