Okay. But so you're never tempted to just like open your notes app [laughter] and say this is what I really think and this is who I am and this is what's going on in my life and like stop guessing and projecting. >> I mean I'll vent to my girlfriends, but other than that, no. >> No. >> No. >> Okay. That's honestly really impressive. Like >> I know who I am, >> right? >> I know what I value. I know that I'm a kind person. I know that I love a lot. And I know that I'm just excited to see what happens next. And so I don't really let other people define who I am. I'm happy to hear that. I [laughter] love I love secondhand concern for you lately. >> We're sort of talking around this American Eagle ad right now and maybe we should just talk about it. So were you surprised by the reaction? So, one of the reasons why the left-wing ends up winning in the long term in terms of culture wars is due to the fact that they have a commitment to longevity in terms of the fight. Even if they're losing something right off the jump, even if they're losing something for a couple of years, over time, they attempt to wear you down, to enforce compliance against you, and essentially to relentlessly punish any kind of actor that they perceive to be a bad actor for stepping out even slightly. A perfect example of this is Chick-fil-A. You guys might remember over a decade ago during the Obama administration, it came out that the founders of Chick-fil-A and the owners of Chick-fil-A were actually Christians. Now, everybody knew this already because Chick-fil-A was actually not open on Sundays, but they were actually donating to familyoriented organizations, donating money to campaigns against gay marriage. And the left decided in the 2010s that this absolutely was unacceptable. So, they launched a boycott against the company. Now, of course, famously, Mike Huckabe, among many others, launched a counter bycot against them, and this was meant to strengthen Chick-fil-A to show that you would not lose if you had conservative values. And for a lot of people, this seemed like a clear and obvious victory. However, we've done stories on this channel how over a decade later, there are still left-wing legislators that are going after the company, denying them access to places on the highway, like rest stops or not letting them open up in airports. And this is due to the fact that the left never forgets and never ever lets a vendetta go unsettled. And again, this is even after many people at Chick-fil-A started donating to pro-gay organizations in the intervening years, they still hold the grudge for the initial slight way back again during the Obama administration where they crossed the line. And what we're seeing right here in this GQ interview with Sydney Sweeney related to her jeans commercial is that exact same mechanism of enforcement being utilized against her. And the thing is eventually I am of the belief that Sydney Sweeney will come out as more left-wing publicly start talking about politics Allah Taylor Swift due to the fact that this rigid ideological enforcement works and in reality the right-wing does not have the staying power to support somebody like this against the onslaught of attacks. So this is what we're going to talk about today. how this interview that's supposed to be about promoting a Sydney Sweeney film, promoting the next season of Euphoria, ultimately ended up turning into this crazy looking old lady complaining about Sydney Sweeny's jeans commercial. Something that a lot of people thought was settled already, something that was over and done with. But in reality, in actuality, it's something that the left will never let go. But before we get into that, I want to thank everybody for supporting my jeans purchases over at actualjusticewarrior.com/join. I won't. Give me the money. Give you give me the money. Okay. >> Jeans are passed down from parents to offspring, often determining traits like hair color, personality, and even eye color. My jeans are blue. >> Sydney Sweeney Casper Canes. >> So, if you guys will remember, that was one among many of the ads that Sydney Sweeny's American Eagle campaign ended up featuring it. And they all basically concluded with the pun of Sydney Sweeney has great jeans even though they're talking about the jeans that they're selling J E N. But it obviously implies that they're saying G E N E S. And the reason they were doing this is not because they were trying to signal to the white supremacists out there, the evil white racists that are hiding under every rock. It's because Sydney Sweeney is an attractive woman. She is known for certain assets and among those assets are her stunning personality and obviously her acting ability or whatever we're even talking about. So obviously that ended up triggering a bunch of people on the left because for years in this country they have been pushing the idea that white women being viewed as attractive, attractive women being viewed as attractive is actually evil white supremacist beauty standards. And this is one of the reasons why you've seen in recent years them pushing obese models and pushing brands like Victoria Secret to embrace larger and larger models. And if you guys will recall, if you guys will remember, they actually ended up suspending the Victoria Secret fashion show. And they did all sorts of other things in order to promote this body positivity movement. But in reality, what that ultimately ended up doing was tanking a bunch of different brands. Because rather than having models that look like your everyday people, so people can see themselves represented as models, what actually ended up happening is that brands that were meant to be sexy, that were meant to be aspirational, all of a sudden became the brands for Fat Girl. So it wasn't, oh, Victoria's Secret is made for me. I'm a much larger woman. All of a sudden, Victoria's Secret was the Fat Girl brand rather than, oh, that model is super sexy and if I wear that lingerie or that bra or that panty combo, then I will also feel that way. Again, they lost that aspirational goal. So considering the failure of all those different various campaigns that we've talked about multiple times on this channel, Sydney Sweeney being chosen as the model for American Eagle Jeans just made sense because again people were trying to go back to an aspirational view. Again, Sydney Sweeny's hot, Sydney Sweeny's attractive. So people would feel like, okay, if I bought those jeans, those are the jeans that attractive people wear. So, I will feel more attractive if I get said jeans rather than again obese people making you feel like those clothes are for fat people. So, it's really all that simple. It was not meant to be a racial signal or anything of the sort. However, the left's open hatred for white people. The fact that they don't like people with light hair and blue eyes obviously made it about that and they've been attacking Sydney Sweeney ever since. And people on the right have been defending her as this champion of right-wing values even though again in other contexts people on the right would be against over sexualization. But this is where the left has basically moved the culture in my opinion. Essentially they have tried to tell us for so long that ugly is beautiful that it is now becoming a right-wing position to say no attractive people are attractive. >> I did a gene ad. I mean, the reaction definitely was a surprise, but it was I I I love jeans. All I wear are jeans. I'm literally in jeans and a t-shirt like every day of my life. >> Jeans are uncontroversial. Jeans are awesome. >> You look great in your jeans. I think I know how you're going to answer this, but I'm going to ask anyway. I mean, >> so this part of the interview starts off with her saying, "Oh, are you surprised by the reaction? Are you shocked and horrified by the reaction that people had? you know, people like her, the interviewer, that were probably retweeting all these anti-Sydney Sweeney posts. And Sydney responds by saying, "I did a gene ad." Like, that's it. It should have been that simple. And yeah, she was surprised by the reaction, but obviously we understand where this conversation is going. She's basically going to ask Sydney Sweeney, without saying those exact words, to basically disavow everybody that supported her, including the evil orange man, because orange man bad, white people bad, and you need to apologize for being an attractive woman that people find attractive while also being a white person. >> The president tweeted about the jeans ad or truth social about the jeans ad. And that just seems to me uh like a very crazy moment for anyone. And I wondered what that was like. >> It was surreal. >> It was surreal. >> Mhm. >> And it would be totally human. Uh I would probably feel like thankful that somebody had my back in public, you know, and conveniently some very powerful people had my back in public. [laughter] And I wondered if if you felt that way. >> I don't think I don't think that it's not that that feeling didn't I didn't have that feeling, but I wasn't thinking of it like that or like of any of it. I kind of just put my phone away. I was filming every day. I'm filming Euphoria. So, I'm working like 16 hour days and I don't really bring my phone on set. So, I work and then I go home and I go to sleep. So, the next question right here from this GQ lady is to bring up the evil orange man backing her up and backing up her ad. And I will just point out for everybody out there in the audience that the Trump response to the Sydney Sweeney controversy was legitimately one of the funniest Trump moments that we've had in recent years where somebody said, "Hey, Sydney Sweeney is a registered Republican." And Trump being the most transactional man on the planet said, "Oh, well, if she's a Republican, then I love her ad." Sydney Speedy. I came out in that she was a registered Republican. Any thoughts on that? >> Is that who was >> Sydney Sweeney? She's like a very hot actress right now. >> She's a registered Republican. >> Oh, now I love her ad. >> Is that right? Is Sydney SW You'd be surprised at how many people are Republicans. >> That's what I wouldn't have known, but I'm glad you told me that. If Sydney Sweeney is a registered Republican, I think her ad is fantastic. Okay. Thank you very much everybody. >> But again, notice how this GQ woman is framing it. She's like, "Oh, wow. It's totally understandable that you have one of the most powerful people and all these powerful people defending you." I mean, is isn't that amazing? I can understand that you would accept aid from the evil orange man, but obviously the implication is that Sydney Sweeney bad. And the fact that bad people ended up defending her also makes her even worse by proxy. And of course, she's pushing her to disavow this. And Cindy Sweeney, to her credit, doesn't apologize. She's like, "I did a gene ad." And she's like, "Eh, what?" Like, "I I'm not really paying attention to all this internet stuff. I'm actually working. I'm doing a job." And again, I did a jeans commercial. >> You've made a really good case for keeping your thoughts and your life separate from that work. But the risk is that you know there's a chance that somebody will get some idea about what you think about certain issues >> and feel like I don't want to see Christie because of that. Like do you worry about that? >> No. >> No. If somebody if somebody is closed off because of something they read online to a powerful story like Christie, then I hope that I hope something else can open their eyes to being open to art and being open to learning and I'm not going to be affected by that. So again, this is the way that the left enforces ideological subjugation of people like Sydney Sweeney. They say, "Oh, well, you're promoting this movie. That is obsensively the purpose of this entire interview." But like, don't you feel like the fact that you did this ad and then there's a reaction and you didn't immediately disavow yourself and apologize and come graveling to these people that hate you for being attractive, hate you based on the color of your skin, hate you based on the fact that you are both an attractive person and a white person. Don't you think it's really sad that some people will boycott your movie? Again, she's subtly putting it out there that somehow her movie is deserving of being boycotted because people don't understand that good jeans for a hot woman while selling jeans is a basic pun and not a secret Nazi dog whistle or anything absurd like that. And Sydney ends up responding by saying, "Well, if you're closed off based on internet comments, then I hope something else will change your mind." Because again, she's trying to promote the movie, but simultaneously she is refusing to back down, refusing to apologize in a very polite and smiley way that again actually exposes more about the interviewer than it does about her. >> Yeah. You've come here like really willing to talk about this whole discourse that doesn't have that much to do with you and I'm grateful for that. >> Um, >> did you is there something that you want to say about the ad itself? The Sydney Sweeney has great jeans. Do you have >> the ads spoke for itself? >> You think the ad spoke for itself? Okay. And the criticism of the content which was basically that maybe specifically in this political climate like >> white people shouldn't joke about genetic superiority. Like that was kind of like the criticism broadly speaking. And since you are talking about this, I just wanted to give you an opportunity to talk about that specifically. >> Again, ignore the friendly tone, ignore the smile, ignore all that nonsense. What you're seeing right here is the evil way the left-wing media ends up forcing ideological rigidity because she's like, "Oh yeah, like you know, is there something you want to say? Let me just open the floor. I'm giving you the opportunity." Sydney Sweeney acting like the famous actress isn't actually highlighting her stupid ass show for GQ magazine. And in reality, the exact opposite is happening right here. She's getting an opportunity to interview somebody that's more famous and more notable than her. She's like, "Oh, I'll give you the opportunity if there's anything you want to say about this particular ad. If there's anything you want to speak up on right now, I'm providing you my platform, Sydney, and I'm so smiley while I'm doing it so that you could disavow your work." And Sydney's like, "No, I I have nothing that I want to say about this." And then she pushes back even harder and she's like, "In this political climate, isn't it horrible that you're a white person and talking about how you have good jeans? I mean, white supremacy. Am I right? Am I Am I right, Sydney? Are you going to do that or we're going to boycott your movie? I mean, some people might not see your movie. Uh, not that we're explicitly encouraging it, even though again, we're spending the latter half of this interview bitching about your commercial. >> I think that when I have an issue that I want to speak about, people will hear. >> And right here, Sydney Sweeney completely shuts it down. And it's funny because if you go into the comments of this particular interview, I'm assuming there is the typical GU audience and they're saying, "Oh, she missed an opportunity to save herself right there when they brought up the white supremacy thing." But in reality, she handled it perfectly fine. She said, "Look, if there's something that I want to say, if I want to talk about political issues or whatever, then I'll say it. But I'm not going to backpedal. This is the implication." because she said basically what I just said right there. But I'm not going to backtrack and like downgrade this campaign that I was on that was actually quite successful just because you people have an issue with her being an attractive white woman. It's absurd. It's ridiculous. And again, all these different ridiculous smears are part of the left's ideological enforcement against people like Sydney Sweeney who might stray out of line just a little bit even if she's not actually right-wing in any possible way. And this is how they enforce that ideology. This is how they make people bend the knee and comply with what they want by consistent attacks on her. Like Sydney Sweeney will be hearing about this jeans ad in 10 years. Allah the Chick-fil-A story. There will still be people complaining about it even though there was nothing wrong with the ad. She's attractive. Saying somebody has good jeans or won the genetic lottery is just saying that they are attractive. It's not a racial thing at all whatsoever. Yet, these people will go out of their way to pretend it is because their view of beauty that it's something that they can make by enforcement in the culture just happens to be completely wrong. But you know what? Those are just my thoughts. I want to know what you guys think down in the comments below. As per usual, if you like the video, show them by leaving a like. Subscribe for more content. Follow me on my social medias. Support me via support links in the description of this video. This has been me talking about the madness of still harassing Sydney Sweeney over a jeans commercial. Till next time.