Hey, remember The Witcher, everyone? Remember how we were all super excited to get this awesome big budget TV adaptation of one of the most beloved dark fantasy series of all time? Remember how cool it was that Henry Caval was playing Geralt of Rivia because he was a massive fantasy nerd and a huge fan of the Witcher books? remember tuning in for that first season and slowly realizing the narrative was a confused jumble of absolute nonsense that jumped backwards and forwards all over the place with zero explanation punctuated by the occasional mildly entertaining monster of the week adventure and half the major characters were race swapped because Netflix and Yasi was now an insufferable prick that made you want to gouge out your own eyeballs in sheer frustration and you could never tell where you were in the world because every single village village and town contained the same baffling melting pot of ethnic diversity as a modern-day American city. And for some reason, Geralt was relegated to a background character in his own show and basically the whole thing was a [ __ ] feminist power fantasy written by frustrated middle-aged liberal white women. Yeah, that. Well, good news because The Witcher is back for season 4. Well, I say The Witcher, I really mean the Yennefer and Siri show with a special guest appearance by Geralt of Rivia. Yeah, it's lost its lead actor and the vast majority of its audience and probably every shred of fan goodwill it might have once had, but it's back all the same. And I have to admit, my first thought when I saw the teaser trailer the other day was, why in the Christ mothering [ __ ] are Netflix still pouring money into this black hole of talent and creativity? Like, who is The Witcher even made for now. Who do they expect to watch this piece of [ __ ] It's not fans of the books or even the games that's for sure. The show's got about as much in common with the source material as I've got in common with Last Jedi Defenders. It's not fans of the first couple of seasons either, because the handful that actually managed to slog through three seasons of this nuclear slag, pretty much abandoned ship the moment Henry Caval bailed out. And don't worry, I'm going to talk more about that shortly. believe that. And it's not for casual fans of fantasy adventure either because this show abandoned any pretense about being fun, fantasy, or adventure when Blood Origin was excreted out onto our screens. Jesus, that series was so [ __ ] bad. I think it gave me legitimate brain damage. Then again, it might have been the pint of hydraulic fluid that I forcefully drank afterwards. Who can say really? The point I'm making here is that The Witcher is the deadest of dead horses at this point, and flogging it even harder with each passing year isn't going to bring it back to life. At best, you might get an expulsion of decomposition gases building up inside the rotten digestive tract. And at worst, you'd be better off dumping $100 million into a big pile and lighting the [ __ ] thing on, fire., At least, that, way,, it, would look cool for a while. And the thing that's so ballingly frustrating about all of this is that it never should have happened this way in the first place. There's actually a world where The Witcher went on to become the next Game of Thrones, a mature, violent, and complex dark fantasy show with an excellent cast that perfectly captured the adventure and the danger of the books, harnessed the popular zeitgeist and was universally beloved by everyone. But that world never came to be because let's be honest, we live in the shittest timeline imaginable. and everything that should be great ends up sacrificed on the altar of Hollywood hubris and the message. Honestly, if reincarnation turns out to be real, knowing my [ __ ] luck, I'll come back as myself just so that I have to experience this crap all over again. No. Oh, please God, no. And looking back with the benefit of hindsight, it's pretty obvious now that this show was always doomed to failure. For a start, there was Andre Sapkowski the author of The Witcher books, and in theory, the first line of defense against shitty adaptations. I mean, the guy's a great writer for sure, but also possibly the world's worst [ __ ] businessman, selling the game rights to CD Project Red back in 97 for a pitiful amount and actually turning down a profit sharing agreement. A decision that cost him tens of millions of dollars in lost royalties. What are you [ __ ] And by all accounts, his agreement with Netflix was just as [ __ ] giving him almost no creative control over the show, meaning that it was entirely in the hands of the showrunners themselves. As he admitted himself, he visited the set a couple of times and offered them some ideas, but the Netflix team never listened to them and treated him like a complete nobody. That's his own words right there, not mine. In fact, lack of respect for Sapkowski and his work was a bit of a running theme throughout the show. As former showriter Bo Deo later revealed, the writing team disliked the books and actively mocked the source material for being outdated and problematic. Because of course they did. I mean, just take a look at these [ __ ] people. If this group of uh unique individuals doesn't scream hardcore gritty dark fantasy fanatics then I just don't know what does. Okay. You know, one of the problems with hiring a bunch of millennial feminist activists to write your show is that they only really know how to write for a very specific audience, other millennial feminist activists. And I hate to be the bearer of bad news on this one. In fact [ __ ] that. I actually love it. But the average fantasy fan doesn't give a [ __ ] about your stupid activism and your Southern Californian progressive girl power characters. Notice how the entire focus of the show became Yennefer and Siri while Geralt just kind of hung around in the background looking sads. Notice how all the male characters had the same blandly agreeable, mildly neurotic, and carefully controlled pussification that you get every single time from writers that have never come within a nautical mile of actual masculine behavior. The other safeguard that should have prevented this disaster was Henry Cavo, who was a huge fan of both the books and the games, knew the lore like the back of his hand, and wasn't shy about letting people know it. So, do you correct people? Um, I don't necessarily I'm I am ausive about getting the uh being being loyal to the source material. Let's put it that Of course that stuff made him problematic and difficult for the showrunners who got buttth hurt that the actor knew their own jobs better than they did and soon began to refer to him as a toxic gamer bro who constantly argued and made life difficult for them. Oh no, how terrible. That's just that's just awful. How terrible. Oh no. Oh, stop it guys. I can only like him so much. Caval to his credit clearly did his level best to steer the show away from disaster. But one guy can only do so much against that kind of collective retardation. And by season 3, he was done and bailed on the show. And I don't blame him one bit. Being in The Witcher at this point isn't a privilege. It's a [ __ ] humiliation ritual. Honestly, that guy's career is going to go down as one of the biggest wastes of talent and potential in Hollywood history. He keeps signing on to projects that he's 100% passionate about that have all the makings of success only to get screwed over by incompetent directors and showrunners time and again. And I have no doubt that the same thing's going to happen to his Warhammer 40k show because let's be real here. Could you imagine for one second that world being realized by writers that are softer than my first shite? And so what do we have left, dear viewer? Another season of a show that nobody's [ __ ] interested in. A new leading actor who's just a cheaper replacement for someone way better. I mean, I like Liam Hemsworth and all that, and he seems like a good lad. But let's be honest here. He's the guy you hire when you can't afford his big brother. The Witcher at this point feels like some weird holdover from the late 2010s when race swapping and girl bosses and feminist re-imaginings of classic franchises were all the rage instead of shitty relics from a [ __ ] timeline that the rest of us would rather forget. It's a show that somehow managed to cling on to existence like that skid mark you left in your toilet bowl that just, won't, shift, no matter, how, many times you piss directly on it. And you know you're going to have to get the bleach and scrubbing brush to finally put an end to the bastards. The Witcher should have died three or four years ago. And keeping it alive as this horrifying zombie franchise isn't just cruel to the source material, it's even more cruel to anyone dumb enough to watch the thing. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.