I don't know what's going on in the nurse community, but there is seriously some sort of radicalization issue in the nurse community. And here we have yet another nurse who effed around. And the way the internet made her find out is absolutely legendary. I don't know. I mean, I guess it's not crazy that the nursing profession would be more liberalleleaning, but and that's fine, but the concern that we found out uh you know that we found out the way that they seemingly are threatening to provide different service um different services to people based on how they vote is absolutely insane. And this nurse is using her dementia patients as pawns. Perhaps the lowest of the low. Before we get into that, a super quick word from this video sponsor, Black Forest. Huge shout out to this video sponsor, Black Forest Supplements. By around 40, your bone marrow slows down stem cell production. The repair cells that rebuild muscle, support blood vessels, and help you recover. By 50, output can drop by 75%. That's why cuts heal slower and recovery [snorts] feels harder. But cocolavinols may help support the signaling pathways involved in the repair process. This powder wakes up your stem cells and signals your bone marrow to start releasing repair cells. Again, Harvard scientist Dr. William Lee actually backs this up. Check it out. >> If you actually give people who have coronary artery disease, so they've got narrowing their blood vessels and stiff hard blood vessels. If you measure their stem cells and then see how many stem cells are floating around their blood, which is not many, then the researchers have given them two cups of dark chocolate in the form of hot chocolate. That's it. Two cups to have a day for 30 days. And at the end of 30 days, you measure, take out your blood and measure the stem cells again and then do that flame media dilation resiliency test again of the blood vessels to see have they changed. This is what's amazing has been found that dark chocolate and panthers not only got into the bloodstream but they doubled the number of stem cells circulating in your blood vessels and they doubled the resiliency of your blood vessels just over the course of months with as little as two cups of hot chocolate that's dark. Yes, dark chocolate. And most of the flavonols get destroyed during processing. Regular chocolate may have around 50 milligs while Black Forest high flavonol cocoa powder contains 1,200 mg of concentrated flavonol. These compounds support circulation and cellular repair pathways, which is why they've even been studied in military recovery settings. Made in the USA, highly concentrated, extracted from the highest quality cocoa. It's designed for people who feel their energy and recovery declining with age without extreme measures or expensive procedures. The ultra famous podcaster that everyone knows talks about stem cells constantly and even flies to Colombia for those injections. But this activates the same stem cells. No travel, no needles without the $50,000 tab. That's why Black Forest just opened the 48 hour President's Day access window. Right now, everything in the store is buy 1 get one free. Not a discount, not a limited product. A true storewide buy 1 get one free. This is the biggest promotion Black Force runs all year long. This is cheaper than one physical therapy session, cheaper than supplements that don't actually trigger repair, and a lot cheaper than flying overseas. So, check out the link in the description and get yours today. Now, let's take a look at this nurse who is using her dementia patients uh as pawns against ICE. >> If ICE ever comes to my job, I'm going to go around and tell every single confused patient on the unit that they are there to invade their home and then I'm going to let them free. I'm going to turn all the bed alarms off and I'm going to let them go free. So essentially turning in essentially you're turning your dementia patients into walking dead um to have them attack ICE agents. I I again, this is this type of video probably isn't quote unquote illegal, but her as a nurse uploading it certainly uh you know is going to cost her her license. And what she's fantasizing about here is wild levels of malpractice. >> Do you know how strong an 80-year-old demented patient is? I'm just going to let Betty whip her ass. So, if ICE thinks that they're going to come pick up my patient, I hope they know how to get them off a ventilator. Are you going to roll them out of the hospital connected to a ventilator? >> Can you point to nurse lady a single ICE apprehension of somebody on a ventilator or somebody with dementia and getting them deported? Because as always, the white liberal fantasy is crazy. Like these people are nuts. By the way, it's Friday and I know I already hit you guys with an ad, but I want to remind you if you go to CBC Amazon, so Charlie Bravo Charlie Amazon.com, you can pick up all of our delicious roasted fresh on demand coffee with free overnight shipping. blueberry cobbler, strawberries and cream if you like flavored butterscotch, hot butter rum, vanilla sugar cookie. Also, our unflavored Colombian 003, our dark roast, whole bean, K cups, everything is here. And for the heavy users, our five lb bags are available at a discount. Only one of them is out of stock right now, which I'm roasting some right now. The blueberry cobbler will be in and the strawberries and cream will be in later this weekend. I keep it low, so I keep it fresh. Nothing sits there forever. Give it a try. Support the channel and um stay caffeinated. >> What about my A-line? Do you know how to take down an A-line? Do you know how to take out an A-line? Oh, >> look how smug she is. She's like, "Oh, only I know how to do this job that as a nurse a [snorts] 100,000 other people can do." >> Oh, are you gonna let them bleed out? >> They're not. They They just would never do that. It's It's crazy. By the way, my sister's a nurse. She's actually quite conservative, but she doesn't upload videos saying she would not help a uh liberal. Like, this is an exclusively a liberal brain damage issue. >> Do you know how to titrate pressers >> or are you just going to unplug everything and then let them die? >> Well, first off, I don't know that patient. Who is that? Who? Excuse me. Where? Excuse me. Why are you going in that room? What's your name? Oh. Oh, you're not their POA. >> So, again, this is all to impress her dad, who's probably a Trump voter. [snorts] That That's who this is. And look, if you're an illegal invader, I don't think you should get our healthcare. Is that a hot take? We know you're not going to pay for it. American citizens pay for it because it's not like hospitals give the support away for free. They just bake it in to uh what everyone else pays. It's like all these  communists that think shoplifting is okay because it it doesn't affect people. Like they think Walmart doesn't raise the price of everything else across the board to offset shrink. >> Sorry, I can't tell you anything. Hit bug. >> Well, the internet immediately found her. Her name is Cara Marie. Um, and she works for Tri Health. Uh, Trialth is the big Cincinnati area health system that owns Good Samaritan Hospital, Bethesda North in North Montgomery, Westchester, Bethesda Butler, etc. Uh, and they found her Instagram and Tik Tok where she uploads these videos for Tik Tok likes [clears throat] and survives on a beauty filter. There's also this video, if Ice Ever thinks they're going into my patient's room. Well, I'm not going to play it because there's copyrighted music. Oh, by the way, in case you're watching this video, here's how, you know, here she is. Her state license is in Ohio. Her license number 501970. This is public information. Um, and soon she won't have a reason to know how to use those things because she's being reported to the board. And if you're in Ohio in particular, I would highly recommend reporting her to the board. Here's the hospital where she works. Like her board, her her license will now be removed from her. Here you have anti-ICE protest staged by Nurses Union. This is why I hate unions. I mean, again why >> ICE is not welcome here. >> Protesters with National Nurses United gathered today to demand Congress. >> Show them the unemployment line. stop using our unions. Like, we already know Florida has disbared or deliced at least two nurses, maybe three. Let Florida lead the way. If I'm in a state that allows nurses to have these unhinged rants that they're saying publicly, I'm even more worried about what they're saying privately. It's It's extremely concerning. Stop funding Immigration and Customs Enforcement and Customs and Border Patrol. >> Abolish ICE. >> Why is it always? >> It's never a white man leading this stuff, is it? >> The nurses union staged protests at the UC San Diego Health's Hillrest and La Hoya Medical Centers and Palomar Medical Center P. >> There are literally tens of them. I thought nurses were so busy working 24-hour straight shifts um and filming Tik Toks. way. >> We started out this morning over at UCSD La Hoya um kind of doing a similar event. We're educating the public about why we're here today. Um trying to >> We know why you're there. We know why you're there. >> Advocate for our patients against ICE. >> They want to abolish ICE for what they say is the health and safety of patients and communities. >> What you know what would help You know what would help the health and safety of patients in their communities? Having to wait 20% less long because there's not 40 illegals in front of them. having to pay 20% less because they're not subsidizing illegals free Medicare. >> Registered nurse Kendall Harrove says ICE enforcement has ramped up and tactics have become more brazen under the Trump administration. >> ICE is a public >> they actually haven't ramped up ramped up. Pretty sure Obama still has and and Clinton still have higher numbers of deportation. Nobody is breaking into these people's homes. It's like a literal fantasy that all these white liberal nurses are living >> health crisis because right now patients are afraid to seek care because they're afraid to go outside. >> What patients are afraid to go outside? >> Illegal aliens illegal illegals are afraid to go outside. Good. What do you mean? Uh is there is your hand if you would like less of a weight. Leave a like on the video if you're happy with less of a wait at the doctor's office. This is also another fantasy. Minnesota is actually suing the federal government for $70 million saying that workers were afraid to go to work and so we're supposed to pay Minnesota federal taxpayers supposed to pay f uh Minnesota money. I'm not kidding. That's a real lawsuit that Tim Walls and their their  mayor are trying to pass. I I don't care if illegals are afraid to go out and get free health care. They They're not supposed to be here in the first place and they're not paying for the healthcare. Here we have a Virginia nurse, by the way, who encouraged colleagues to inject ice with paralytic drug. And remember this one? Swiftly fired. >> Get them sick. Get the poison ivy oak water. And I'm going to put it into a water gun. >> Aim for aim for faces. All the medical providers, grab some syringes with needles on the end. >> Have them full of saline or sueninal, you know, whatever. Whatever. >> Yeah, whatever. A Virginia nurse now under investigation for apparently telling her Tik Tok followers ways to hurt ICE agents. Let's bring in former Disney star and former Trump campaign deputy communications director Caroline Sunshine. >> Fair. Former Disney star probably not the way. I mean, again, social media identified this person and they were immediately fired from VCU Health. This has to be not they don't have to just be fired. They need to lose their license. I don't want them to swiftly be able to just bebop over to another hospital. These people are lunatics and they're putting us all at risk and I'm tired of dealing with them with kid gloves. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, make sure you leave a like on it. And if you haven't yet, please subscribe or follow down below and we'll talk to you again real soon.