A new statue in Times Square is told is, we're told, turning heads. It's making people not only stop and stare, but also reflect a rare feat in the middle of one of the busiest places in the world. Zineia Maldonado shows us why. You know, often times I ask the question, do the people who promote this nonsense ever get sick of it? Do they ever find it ridiculous? Are there ever signs that their true beliefs are actually coming through these local news segments? Well, I believe at this particular segment right here, the moment where this expression comes across this man's face, that's when he realized that he was covering an absolutely ridiculous story, another statuebased virtue signal out of the city of New York. And this time, the subject of this story is this 12- foot tall, overweight black woman statue that was just plopped in the middle of Time Square. And it was brought to us by a British artist that's supposedly there to make us think, there to be provocative, there to show us something about our society. But in reality, in actuality, it is in fact just a statue that's 12t tall of an overweight black woman. And by the way, I actually talked about this when I was on Timcast IRL. This is like the girl, we were talking about it earlier, that they put in front of the Wall Street Bull. Yeah. Where they're like, "It's such a powerful symbol." I'm like, "No, it's not. It's not. This is a 15 foot tall statue of like an angry black woman. Like this is like an ode. They should put this in front of the DMV. Honestly, that's great. And I do to this day stand by the fact that this should be in front of the DMV, not in Time Square in the middle of the city of New York. But let us get into some of these fawning segments over this particular statue, even though again it is mediocrity at its best. But before we do, I want to thank everybody who supports this channel via actualjusticewarrior.com/join. I give me the money. Give you give me the money. Okay. At 12 feet tall in the middle of Times Square stands a bronze sculpture of a young woman. It's instantly stood out. It's powerful. It's so tall and big. The sculpture created by artist Thomas Price was unveiled at Duffy Square last week and in just a matter of days, it has stopped hundreds in their tracks. Who is she? Well, technically she's whoever you want her to be. So immediately they interview a bunch of different people at Times Square. You have a gay guy saying, "Oh my god, it's so powerful. It's so beautiful." Which I will respond, "How is it powerful? How is it beautiful?" And then you interviewed two white people that are in and around Time Square and they say that it's so tall, which I guess is the most objectively true descriptor of this as this bronze statue is 12 feet tall. But the idea that, oh, this is not actually any individual person. this is whoever you want it to be is some kind of intelligent statement is ridiculous and absurd from top to bottom. Again, this is a basic bronze statue. When I tell you what this is supposed to compare to a little bit later, you're going to be even more embarrassed for the people that are fawning over it. But it's ridiculous. It's absurd. And by the way, it's not even original. Do you guys remember when they put the little girl in front of the raging bull on Wall Street during Trump's first term? And this was supposed to be a powerful image that was supposed to oh my god change everything and whatnot. It's not going to do that. It's just crazy. And unfortunately the New York City committee that controls whether or not they're going to have these art installations in different parts of the city is definitely going to say that this statue stays here permanently. And I also want to point out that it is going to be mentioned in some of these segments that this is in response to the statues of white people at Times Square. Even though those white people at Times Square are crucial founding figures to either the state of New York, the country, or the continent as a whole, me being a plus-sized black woman, I kind of looking at it was like, "Oh, I wonder what me as a small child would have thought looking at something like that representation." Look, if this woman likes the statue, then that's on her. I don't want to make fun of her all that much. But I do want to point out that her name is Blessing Obese, which sounds like obese, which, you know, this is supposed to be a plus-sized woman. So, I'm not saying anything. I'm just saying. But also, she ends that statement by saying, "Oh, I wonder what me as a little girl would have thought of this statue." You know, representation. Representation. And this is just the take of the left-winger about these particular kind of installations, which is to say as many buzzwords as quickly as possible in order to, you know, kind of sound like you know what you're talking about. And I just want to point out for everybody out there in the audience that there are fewer fields in American culture where black people have more influence than the arts. If they had put up a statue of a black person that contributed to the arts, even if it was an overweight black woman, I would have no problem with it at all whatsoever because again, other than professional sports probably, there is no field where they've contributed more to American culture than in the arts. And yeah, if you want to give them credit for that, that's totally fine. But this statue is meant to be the mediocre average black woman. That is only special based on the fact that she is a black woman. That's it. That's all that's appealing. And I will just make the case as I would for white people, Asian people, Hispanic people, or any kind of people of any kind of origin that just being a category on a form does not make you special. What you do, what you contribute is what makes you special. And it's kind of disrespectful to all the black historical figures and black artists that you're going to just put up a random overweight black woman and expect people to say that it's so powerful, so stunning, and brave. And it's even more disrespectful that this somehow works. The piece is part of a series called Grounded in the Stars, which Gene Cooney, director of Times Square Art, says confronts preconceived notions of identity and representation. to have this work here is making a statement, potentially asking questions about what we value as a city, as a society, and hopefully it's a tribute to our shared humanity. You know, when you get information like that from the director of this art organization, you realize that there is no substance behind anything that they're doing. She's like, "Oh, we think that this is making a statement or maybe it's asking questions or maybe it's reflective of our shared values. Also, we're challenging some notions on what you think and whatnot." And honestly, all I have to say to all of that is shut up. Shut up, lady. Stop talking. You have no point at all whatsoever. You are a woke left-wing progressive that's probably a multi-millionaire. And when you heard overweight black woman statue in the middle of Time Square, you're like, "Oh, that will be good virtue points. I will get positive attention for this. People will cheer me for this. And oh my god, everybody is going to just be blown away by the fact that I'm so virtuous that I put a giant mediocre black woman again that looks like she's working at the DMV in the middle of Time Square. And it's going to be such a big hit. I'm going to get so much praise at the cocktail parties that nobody's going to point out that this is a very basic statue that doesn't mean anything and it's just a giant virtue signal for the organization. tourists and New Yorkers we spoke with expressed different interpretations of what she represents to them. It's a plus-sized woman. I'm a plus-sized man. I'm African-American is the African-American woman statue. So, just seeing another piece for me to stop and just have a moment with was very powerful. If you look at the eyes, it's looking straight at something. It's focused. It's purposeful. Again, this is how these people engage with art. They're like, "It's a plus-sized woman. I'm a plus-sized man. It's a black woman. I'm a black man. So, I can engage with this art in a way that people don't understand. And oh my god, I'm just engaging with this art right here, which by the way, in multiple different videos and whatnot and articles has been compared to Michelangelo's the David. Michelangelo's the David. One of the most significant historical pieces of art in Western history versus this crummy bronze statue. Even the technical ability to carve a statue that detailed like the David, which by the way, I've seen in person out of marble, is far more superior to this bronze statue that honestly looks like it was manufactured in a factory just being plopped right here. And by the way, if you guys don't understand the significance of the David, I totally understand. You kind of have to see it in person in order to get it. Because even though you've seen pictures of the David probably your whole life, in reality, when you actually witness it in person, you realize that no photo can capture the beauty, can capture the gravitas of this piece. And this is why when I went in person to Florence in order to see it for myself, I decided not to take photos of it to show you guys, but to actually record people walking into the room where you see it. And by the way, you notice this thing from across the room. That's how freaking striking it is. And their reactions tell you all you need to know. Again, just look at the faces of these individuals as they're interacting with this art piece, as they're seeing it in person for the first time, and tell me you're going to get the same reaction by looking at this 12-t tall black woman statue. Tell me that this is equivalent. Tell me you truly believe that this is a recreation of that level of artisticness and that level of cultural significance as presented to us in the David. Obviously, it is not. Obviously, that's a ridiculous assertion. Each and every person who says it knows it's a ridiculous assertion, but this is what the left wants to do. They want to bring our culture down to the lowest common denominator. They want to pollute our culture with all these different various symbols. And by the way, while they're doing this, they're going out and tearing down historic statues, statues with significance, statues that actually tie us to our American heritage, our shared American heritage, by the way, which black people are definitely included in. And this is what they put up in its place. And it challenges your notions of what you think is beautiful and whatnot. And in reality, if it does, that just proves that you're dumb. Again, go see any of the crazy historical art pieces that you've been told about. and shown in movies or whatnot. And I guarantee you when you do, when you look upon our shared history, whether it be Western history or American history or our global history as a species, it will conjure up something different in you. It will show a connection to our shared humanity, to our shared history that is not replicated by these woke artists trying to challenge something and trying to say that all the great historical pieces that are made by civilizations that we still study to this very day are somehow inferior because some of those historical pieces were made by white men. And by the way, this isn't the first mundane black woman that this artist has put up in public, not just in the United States, but around the world. There's one of these statues in New Orleans in a part of the park that is actually on the walking path of a black woman that's 9 feet tall looking at her phone. And there's a replica of this statue that was actually placed in Florence in Italy, by the way, in and around a square, which is near the museum where the actual David is. And that one is in gold. And apparently a lot of people are angry because the Italian people are vandalizing this statue. And guess what? While I don't condone destruction of property or anything of the sort, they put this statue in a square that I've been to in Florence. It's the same area where I saw the David. It's in a museum, the David that's adjacent to this. And yeah, it's among a bunch of historic statues that are reflective of Italian culture. And then plopped dab in the middle of this is this average mediocre black woman looking on the phone. So, I would argue that the statue itself is vandalization, that the statue itself doesn't belong there, that the statue itself is modern trash amongst historical artifacts. But apparently that that that's not good enough for the Italian government who has condemned the vandals of this golden statue of a black woman looking at her phone as evil, white, and racist. How dare you with all this wonderful art and history in Florence not respect this non-historical modern garbage? You're absolute scum and you need to shut up you evil white racist. The sculpture proves to be a well-liked juxaposition placed among the more traditional statues in Time Square, which is the goal, according to officials, of placing said artwork in such a significant area. Coming from a person of color background as well, it's really nice to see something come across as like this everyday person that looks a little bit out of place. But I also think that's because of where we are standing. It might not look out of place if everything in our surrounding reflected everyday life more to us. I genuinely truly hate this idea so much that everything around us needs to reflect everyday mundane life. It's ridiculous. It's absurd. And again, it's to drag us down to the lowest common denominator. Sometimes art is aspirational. Sometimes anything is meant to be aspirational. This is something that we discovered, by the way, with the whole Victoria Secret plus-size models thing, where we were told by the left-wing, people who don't shop at Victoria Secret, that in reality, what they needed to do was drop the attractive models, get these plus-siz models. And the reason they needed to do that is because women want to see bodies that look like their own on display on these advertisements. But what actually happened? How did people actually react to the plus-siz models? What happened was is that instead of seeing Victoria Secret as this aspirational brand, instead of seeing these women that are super attractive and thinking, hey, you know what? I will be more attractive if I wear those clothes, people started thinking that Victoria's Secret was the brand for fat girls and they didn't want to buy it because they didn't want to be the fat girl. Again, whether or not they look like the model or not, that is neither here nor there. In reality, it was meant to be something prestige. It was meant to be something again that you aspire to. And an average mundane person in and amongst a bunch of historical figures is not aspirational. And the idea that we need to tear down the aspirations of our civilization, the idea that you would do something that would make you worthy of being remembered is absolutely shameful and disgusting. And again, it is reflective of a shared shame in our history that is not warranted, that is not justified. And again, I will add, if you think that this is the equivalent of the David, one of Michelangelo's most iconic pieces, you're an absolute doof. You're an absolute idiot. And by the way, I will add, even on top of this, that there are wonderful contributions to our culture from black artists, from black women. You could have honored any one of them, and I would have been totally fine with it. But instead, they chose to honor the mundane. Instead, they chose to build an altar to themselves, to mediocrity. And that is what we have on display right here. Because again, they don't want you to be inspired. They don't want you to aspire to greatness. They want you to just accept your mediocre position in life, never do anything, never go against the grain, and then say, "Oh, wow. They're stunning and brave for doing that." You think any of these people, the British artists, the people behind this art installation, do anything in their life to be mundane? This is all their virtue signal. They're trying to stick out by saying, "Oh my god, we're just like you grubby, stupid pores, you low lives, and we're going to put up statues of regular ordinary black women because they're black, they're supposed to be special in a t-shirt making a scowling face because isn't that stunning, brave, and beautiful?" No, it's not. It's not aspirational. It is not what our culture should aspire to be. And again, this is at the center of Time Square, which is adds on to the absurdity. So, I'm sure this will stay for the next hundred years. But of course, I want to know what you guys think about this down in the comments below. As per usual, if you like this video, show them by leaving a like, subscribe for more content, follow me on my social medias, support me via support links in the description of this video. This has been me talking about the destruction of our culture. Till next time.