[laughter] [laughter] Oh man, that was the best Star Trek parody I've seen in years. Wait, what do you mean this is a real show? Oh my god. Ever watch something so hilariously, outlandishly crap that you actually have to do a double take just to make sure it's not some sophisticated trolling op? Well, such was the case with the first episode of Starfleet Academy, which I'm roughly 200% sure will be my first and only experience of this show. [laughter] >> Oh my days. I knew it was going to be bad, but even I didn't expect it to be this bad. Part of me even thought the trailers might be a clever little bait and switch, deliberately setting expectations lower than the Grand Canyon, only to pull off a sudden transition into serious, thoughtful, highquality Star Trek adventure. illogical. >> Oh, drinker, you foolish optimist you. Sometimes a spade really is just a spade. And sometimes a shitty Star Trek show really is just a shitty Star Trek show. And truly, they don't come much shittier than Starfleet Academy. The story is set like a thousand years after the events of the original series through a combination of contrived events from Star Trek Discovery that I absolutely don't have the time or the mental energy to talk about. The highle view though is that an event called the burn disabled warp travel throughout the galaxy causing the Federation to collapse and leaving individual planets and star systems to fend for themselves. And if this all sounds a bit like the age of strife from Warhammer 40k, then congratulations. You now know just as much about writing as these [ __ ] hacks. Anyway, things are finally getting back on track now and the Federation is starting to rebuild itself with Starfleet leading the way. Only now there's basically two versions of Starfleet. Starfleet Academy that's all about peaceful exploration and diplomacy like in the old days and the War College which is well I think you can figure that out for yourself. Anyway, the show centers around main character Caleb who's a moody rebellious hunk with a dark past but a heart of gold who brings trouble with him everywhere he goes. But man, the ladies can't resist. He got separated from his mother 15 years earlier after they enlisted the help of Paul Giamati to steal supplies and promptly got caught. Nice to see Tatiana Maslani getting out of her toll booth or wherever the [ __ ] she's been for the past couple of years because you won't be seeing her in Marvel movies again. [laughter] Caleb is approached by Holly Hunter who managed to fix her false teeth in place long enough to put his mom in prison 15 years earlier with a sweet little offer. Join Starfleet Academy and she'll help him to find his mother again. Wait, what? You understand that Starfleet Academy is supposed to be reserved for the best of the best, right? the officer class, the cut above, the kind of people who command starships when they graduate. Why the [ __ ] would they accept a convicted criminal with a long history of escape attempts and violent behavior? And even if they did, surely he's just going to bail the moment he finds his mother again, and all the time and resources put into training him would have been completely wasted. [laughter and gasps] Ah, [ __ ] it. Why am I even asking these questions? Stuff like this can be filed away neatly into the we need the rest of the plot to happen drawer. So, the cadets are put aboard the USS Athena for the trip back to Starfleet Academy on Earth to begin their training. Wait, what? I mean, I know it's kind of a waste of time to ask questions like this, but seriously, isn't this completely asked backwards? Aren't you supposed to do your training at Starfleet Academy, then graduate to Starships so you can apply what you've learned in a practical environment? Why does the inside of the Athena look like an impossibly massive cruise ship instead of a starship? Am I like taking crazy pills or something? >> Don't ask questions. >> [ __ ] it. It's Curtsman Trek. This show is to logic and common sense what Kathleen Kennedy is to self-reflection and personal accountability. Either way, this is where we meet the rest of whatever passes for characters in this show. There's a body positive hologram with learning disabilities. A body positive first officer who tries to act hard by yelling at people a lot. a body positive science officer. Holy [ __ ] there's more congealed blubber in this show than a Reddit mods convention. There's a tough-talking, smartass girl boss, because clearly Star Trek needs more of them. >> Girls get [music] it done. >> I love the moment where she easily breaks up a fist fight between two men twice her size. Here's a little tip for you ladies. If two grown men are going at it, then putting yourself between them is a very quick and efficient way to get knocked the [ __ ] out. Anyway, there's also an arrogant white guy from a privileged background who's there to be arrogant and white. And a Cllingon who's abandoned the warrior code to get in touch with his sensitive side because he enjoys bird watching. [groaning] I'm not even making this stuff up. You know, I'm old enough to remember how much of a ruckus it caused when Wararf showed up on the bridge of the Enterprise in TNG. Yeah, he was a Starfleet officer, but he was still very much a Cllingon at heart. Always wrestling with the violent impulses of his nature and his warrior upbringing. I don't know what the [ __ ] this dude is supposed to be, but it's not a Cllingon, that's for sure. So, the gang set off on their first cruise, but oh no, they get ambushed by Paul Giamati. And before you can say shitty contrived Brighton, the Athena's out of action quicker than a college girl at a drinking contest. He wants their warp course so he can sell it off for lots of money. I mean, the guy has access to programmable matter that could disable frontline starships in a matter of seconds, but yeah, sure, a warp core is definitely what he needs. >> That doesn't make sense. >> Also, why does Holly Hunter sit in her captain's chair like a [ __ ] polio victim? Does she know that this is a starship bridge instead of a quaint coffee shop in Portland? Why is Paul Giamati able to force her to sit down when he's a [ __ ] hologram with no physical presence? Why does Holly Hunter use reading glasses when Retinax 5's been available for like a thousand years by this point? >> Just consume product and then get excited for next product. >> The point is that Caleb does a bunch of technobabble [ __ ] to get the programmable matter off the hull, allowing them to bluff Paul Giamati into abandoning his mission, even when it's completely obvious that they're lying to him, leading to possibly the most one-sided fight I've seen since Jake Paul convinced himself he could take on Anthony Joshua. Hm. A 25-year-old bodybuilder versus a tubby 58-year-old man. Guess who wins? But then Paul Giamati gets away in an escape pod because I guess these things aren't tracked by the ship that launched them. And everyone has a nice slow-mo scene where they smile at the camera and contemplate their impending career suicide. And that's it. The episode ends. Oh, Star Trek, my old friend. What have they done to you? You know, I remember when Star Trek was a serious show made by serious people with a passion for science and technology and a desire to broaden human horizons. How times have changed after the indignities of Discovery, Peicard, and Strange New Worlds. I honestly thought we'd seen an end of the brain dead, cringe-inducing, hyperidentity politicsdriven garbage wearing the Star Trek brand like a skin suit, but apparently not. Is this like some kind of humiliation ritual at this point? Do they hate their own franchise? I ask because I'm genuinely trying to come up with a plausible explanation for this utter bill. The chirpy, quippy Jos Weeden dialogue that undercuts every moment with even a hint of drama. The body positive officers whose only natural enemies are treadmills. The blandly amiable characters played by soft charisma vacuum actors who tick every diversity box possible. The soulless empty sets that somehow manage to look garishly bright and depressingly dim at the same time. All of the tedious tropes of modern Star Trek are dialed up to 11 and shoved into this turd of a show. And the question I keep asking myself is why? What are you hoping to achieve with this thing, Paramount? Who are you even trying to appeal to? I mean, it must be obvious even to you that this whole new Trek thing just isn't working. And it hasn't worked for like 5 years now. You're like a gambler that's lost everything and owes a small fortune to a lone shark that's got leg breakers on speed dial, convinced he can somehow turn it all around with one more spin of the wheel. Well, you can't. And the viewing figures reflect that. The first episode was released for free on YouTube, and even then it was beaten in live viewers by a plastic action figure sitting in a chair. That's my boy Gary. [laughter] [ __ ] man. Even now, it's only got like 150,000 views in 4 days. This video is going to get more than that in 4 hours. That's not just bad. That's [ __ ] catastrophic. The comments [snorts] section is pure gold, though. [laughter] So, this is a little plea from me to you, Paramount. Do yourselves a favor and please just stop. Stop making Star Trek shows. You're not helping anyone and you're not going to make any money from them. That's for sure. You've already run the brand right into the ground and saltied the earth. And now it is dead, Jim. It's dead in a way that no brand can ever hope to come back from. It's been a good run, but Star Trek is officially over. It's time to let it rest in peace. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.