more Morrison wants fans to campaign for his return as Boba Fett. And he's finally now opening up, breaking a silence about what they did. I'm at a convention and I say stupid things. Boba Fett star Tamur Morrison reveals Lucasfilm phone call after telling Star Wars fans to lobby for his return. Dude, this is crazy. So, you guys remember in August of last year, um, Tomorrow Morrison at a convention was talking about how he wanted fans to essentially like lobby for Boba Fett's return and then expressing, you know, some frustration regarding what they did with the character where they literally just made it Beta Fett and then they brought in Mandalorian to kind of hijack the whole show. And he's like, Mando came in to hijack my show, which is exactly what they did. And the reason for that from the rumors is that Kathleen Kennedy decided to put Grou back into the story. So, she wanted to do that before The Mandalorian season 3, which we all believe is a big mistake. >> So, if you don't remember, here is a bit of a refresher. Tomorrow Morrison alongside Daniel Logan, the goat at FanX Tampa Bay Convention said this. I think we really have to treasure those moments now. All of you need to send a fax or a letter or an email to those powers that be at Lucasfilm. I'm sure they'd love to hear everyone. Please go give Daniel Logan tomorrow Morrison another chance and put them somewhere. So, it turns out the this Lucasfilm doesn't like when you do stuff like this. So, if you guys remember even with the fan film back in uh 2018 when Disney copyrighted it and Warner Chapel and all that, you guys created so much noise on the internet. I mean, it was front page of Reddit and so on and you guys really fought to have that released that Lucasfilm dropped that whole thing and they just like removed all the copyright from the fan film which was originally not supposed to have any monetization whatsoever, but they decided to start making money from it cuz they saw how popular it was and they dropped that within I think 48 hours of that happening. And I know that from a source of mine that that was literally going around Lucasfilm and they were trying to get that resolved. And then eventually someone made a call and I don't know who that person is, but then the fan film copyright got released and then they redid it right away again after uh the Star Wars explained stuff that happened about a year ago. If you don't know about that, they came after me and a few other creators and then I responded to them in a video and it just backfired on them. And then Disney decided to recopyright the fan film along with Warner Chapel and the whole  that was before. >> You must be very proud. >> So they really don't like it when you rile up the fans. They don't like that at all. And so I can see them definitely giving tomorrow Morrison a call and uh telling him not to do that. So now Tammora Morrison, I guess, has had to say, "I was only joking. I'm at a convention and I say stupid things." It wasn't stupid to um this is something that, you know, you you felt comfortable saying simply because you want the character return and to return in its limelight, to return in uh its capacity, not in the capacity that it was written and shown with the Vespa crew. Then I've got Lucasfilm ringing me. Look, you've been put on the shelf, Boba Fett. We might open up the jar later. Damn. Morrison told Inverse that he had hoped to get multiple seasons out of Boba Fett. It was a big deal for me. When you do a series like Boba Fett and working with Ming Nen, I started to think, man, this is it. I'm away. Season 2, 3, 4. But at the end of it, we had a great time. I was honored to be brought back after all this time. You should have been brought back. And I don't think that Mandalorian should be superseding Boba Fett. I think there should be a respect and a hierarchy in Star Wars. Uh, you know, Luke Skywalker over Ray, Boba Fett over Mando. It's just how you do things around here. And if you want to send those characters off into the sun, you do so respectfully so that you can then focus on the new characters and no one thinks that you're now shoehorning these guys in and killing off the rest by pushing them off the cliff. That's just not how it works. That's how you uh piss off a fandom really. And it just backfires on you. Even with the Mando and Grou coming out in May, a Boba Fett return feels low down on Disney's priority list. And that's unfortunate. I think that there are so many really cool stories to tell with Boba Fett, with backstories, new stories, whatever. And to have him incorporated somehow in The Book of Boba Fett and in the Ahsoka season 2 show, and then possibly in Dave Filon's movie, which is supposed to bring all of those together, kind of like a Thanos sort of Infinity War Endgame type of spiel. >> It's just the way it is. I'm not I'm just the messenger >> to this. I don't think that tomorrow Morrison should have to shut his mouth or not encourage fans to speak their minds if they want their characters to be out there. This is like that situation with that very famous actress at Disneyland or Disney World where she played ah what was it the evil mother from was it Sleeping Beauty or something like that. Anyways, she played an evil character and she was beloved. she was really good at her job and then she got fired because she told a park attender that if they want to see more of the queen or whatever she her character was, they need to go and lobby that at the desk or at the office or something like that. And that was a big no no apparently. So that like got her fired on the spot essentially. And it's the same with Boba Fett. I feel like he can't tell fans to just go and support the character or talk about the character online. And in today's world, that's literally how things are done. That's how Deadpool happened and that's how a lot of other projects come to light because studios see the amount of fans that want to see this and to them they relay that with money. They say okay cool there's this many people that want to see that there's this much interest. We look at the analytics and social analytics and then we can see okay we can turn perhaps this much money from this project if we invest X amount blah blah blah. So, they just see it as a way to make money. And if fans are going to be loud enough to talk about, we want proper Boba Fett, then they're going to do that. Why wouldn't they? So, it's just like how George brought back Darth Maul. If fans weren't buying all the Darth Maul merch and talking about Darth Maul and being so excited for him, buying his lightsabers and selling out all of his toys, George probably wouldn't have brought him back. So, all of that does play a big factor when you are telling a story. And if you can incorporate that somehow in a meaningful way while funding the future films and shows and products and whatever, great. I think we're all pretty happy that Darth Maul returned in Star Wars in the capacity that he did. I know some people aren't too happy about it, but most of us, I'd say, are. That's what I think about that. So, if you want to see Boba Fett, definitely uh make some noise online as always. And if you don't, well, then I guess be silent about it. But I personally would love to see Boba Fett season 2 3 4 but done right. Have a great day. May the force be with you. >> Now fulfill your destiny.