[Music] Here we go again. Iron Hart is here and it is a complete and total disaster just like you would anticipate because this is Marvel. This is Disney and identity politics is at the forefront of it because Disney has decided that's what they want to focus on. And now you're seeing massive backlash to this garbage project. and the usual suspects are out there tweeting, crying, saying that you're a racist and a sexist and a misogynist and all of that. If you go over to the official trailer on Marvel's YouTube channel, you can see the glorious ratio, the iconic ratio um that we are seeing for Iron Hart. And it reminds me a lot of another film that got a lot of backlash because of identity politics, Robin in the Hood. If you remember Robin in the Hood from Director X, the ratio for that one is uh even worse than the one for the Marvel uh show Iron Hart. But uh 92 9200 down votes to only 300 up votes. Obviously, this is on Marvel's YouTube channel, 21 million subscribers, so they're going to get a lot of bot likes or whatever. Um but 177,000 down votes, and it's not getting much better. Now, of course, like I said, the usual suspects are there. Why are the replies closed? Because of the effing racist and misogynist started the hate campaign without even seeing it. Well, so discussing film which is run by pathetic losers. Um, they have me blocked, but they turned the replies off on this video because they were scared of the responses. So, uh, you know, these weirdos are crying and calling everybody racist, sexist. Valiant Renegade says, "No, this show is a disaster that Disney held in to a in a closet for nearly three years since it finished Principal Photography, and it cost a likely $200 million." Disney didn't want to get embarrassed and eat a financial turd on the balance sheet when nobody watched it at a very tenuous time on Disney Plus streaming and a huge mounting losses. Disney described this show as a black woman's experience trying to live in a white man's world, which is precisely the sort of black fatigue the o uh the overwhelming 20-year demographic of Marvel is utterly exhausted by. Disney is doing a threeep episode dump of the premiere out of six in late June to get this over with and desperately try to get this show uh to chart on streaming originals with Nielson and Luminet. Uh, the last three episodes are dropping in July, the next physical quarter, so Disney doesn't have to eat all of the cost losses at one time. And this is directly from Disney. Uh, Riri Williams, a brilliant MIT student, creates her own high tech suit of armor inspired by the legacy of Tony Stark as she navigates the challenges of being a young black woman in a maledominated field. This is what Disney has put at the forefront. This is what this show is about. Identity politics. That's it. And no one likes it. No one's looking forward to it. Everyone's roasting it and rightfully so. So, you can sit there with your iconic nonsense and you could pretend that people are interested in this all you want, but no one is interested in this at all. Um, and all it is is black girl magic. It's just like the line from uh what was that? The Marvel's Black Girl Magic with Samuel Jackson. I believe it was the Marvels. I'm not going to play this because to be honest, I I really appreciate the audience, so I don't want to put you through this. Uh if you choose to want to torture yourself by watching this trailer, you're welcome to do that. But I can promise you that it's not good at all. It's a very bad trailer. Um and this will be completely irrelevant. uh once it releases all six episodes, no one will talk about this show again unless they're laughing at it. That's literally the only reason that anyone will talk about this. So Marvel continuing to put identity politics at the forefront of their projects. They've learned absolutely nothing. Yes, I did. Like I watched the Thunderbolts and I like Thunderbolts. Uh, I don't think it's a great Marvel movie by any stretch of the imagination, but with the current, you know, place that Marvel is in, I thought it was fine. Um, but I I definitely wouldn't recommend anyone just going out and seeing the uh Thunderbolts, but I liked it for what it was and uh found it somewhat enjoyable. But I don't trust Marvel overall. um even if they can have a good movie here or a good movie there, it still doesn't change the fact that they have fallen so far from where they once were. And you're never getting that back. And people just have to understand that as long as the current leadership is at Disney, you will never get Star Wars again. You will never get Marvel again. You're never going to get the the glory days of Pixar again. It ain't happening. You might get a one-off here or a one-off there. You might have the right director that has the right creative vision that's involved in an individual project, but these shared universes, uh, first of all, I don't think we need shared universes anymore. But the shared universes peaked a long time ago with the MCU, and you're never going to get it that good again under the current leadership at Disney. So, you guys let me know your thoughts in the comments below. Thank you very much for checking out this video, and we will talk to you later. [Music]