Well, well, well, well. We have yet another woke teacher getting caught on tape having an absolute meltdown and an amazing update to the we have the f around portion in the first half of this video and then the find out portion in the second half of the video. If if you can't get enough f around and find out, make sure you leave a like on the video. And uh and uh I just I love doing these. These are my favorite type of videos to do, especially cuz I know they're helping get these weirdo propagandists out of schools and uh I'm just a huge fan of that. Before we get into the original video, huge shout out to this video sponsor, Aura. How does it make you feel knowing that data brokers uh are making billions of dollars selling your information without your consent and destroying your privacy in the process? And they make no effort whatsoever to stop scammers, spammers, and stalkers from buying it. I don't love it at all. It's ridiculous. And that's why I use Aura. Aura protects your privacy by identifying data brokers who are selling your information. Aura takes care of the hard part. Automatically removing your info from these sites and keeping it off. And I've definitely noticed an improvement since I've been using it for almost a year now. There are a lot of services that offer it too, but none of them offer as many features as Aura for the same price. You get alerts if your personal information is found on the dark web. Real-time fraud alerts for credit and banking. 24/7 monitoring to help keep your identity secure. a secure VPN, antivirus, password manager, and more. US-based support available around the clock if something does go wrong. If anything does happen, Aura includes $5 million in identity theft insurance protection, and they have US fraud experts ready to help 24/7. Try or for free for 14 days over at aura.com/quartering. In those two weeks, Ora will get to work scrubbing your personal info off these data broker websites. I'm not leaving myself vulnerable, and you should either. So check out the link in the description below to sign up today. And 2 weeks, you know, you'll see an improvement. I'm sure of it. So we have a teacher at Stubenville High School in Ohio, uh, ends up getting recorded going on an unhinged rant in class against the Trump administration, criticizing the US military while calling President Trump a and a liar. I'm told the teacher's name is Scott Lane. And we've now reached out. This is why I'm such a big fan of cell phones in class. I know that it's it's it's distracting and kids are always playing on their cell phones during class and it's bad, but absent of, you know, 24/7, you know, cameras in classes, which would be hard to manage and you couldn't really make that public, we would never see. I mean, this is probably 1/100th of the craziness going on in schools. to war with Iran over the weekend. And the first thing the United States government/military did was bomb a school, an all girls primary school, that would be elementary level, killing more than 50 young girls and injuring hundreds more. That >> now do we know for a fact that happened? I'm not saying I can refute it. I'm just saying the fog of war is real and it's difficult to know, you know, what really happened. If it if it's true, obviously horrible. Um, but I don't know. You know, we know the left is obviously um, you know, big uh big big believers of all propaganda that looks bad for the administration. I'm not saying it's not true. I'm just saying I haven't seen it really confirmed by an independent source. That's the United States military, ladies and gentlemen, at the behest of Donald Trump. By the way, this would be a good time to remind all of you that 15 United States veterans kill themselves every single day. Uh yeah, and he's happy about that. He's happy about that. He's not bringing it up because he cares about soldiers. Let me be very clear. He's bringing it up because he wants to use it those soldiers who have passed away uh as a cudgel against Trump which is truly vile. Why? Let me repeat the last thing I just said. The first thing the United States military did when bombing Iran was during school hours. >> This is just not true. But okay, go on. >> Bomb a school with elementary age girls there. killing at least 50 >> again. We >> that we don't know that that's true. >> Peace president. No new war president. >> I love this kid's just hiding his phone recording it. But this kid is an absolute hero. And as always, if this kid wants to reach out, needs a new laptop for school or something like that, I got you, buddy. Uh or I don't know if it's a boy or girl recorded it. Uh the quartering@gmail.com. If you can prove to me that this video is yours, uh, if you need a new laptop for school or iPad for school or something, I got you. Because this type of behavior should be rewarded or liar is actually more like it. Right. Right. >> Cuz let me ask you something. If you're named 38,000 times in a book, would you be the secondary or main character of that story? So, he's referring to the Jeffrey Files, of which has done nothing but exonerate Donald Trump of having any part of it. But these lefttoids aren't interested in the truth. They aren't interested in any uh reality in which Donald Trump isn't the worst, most evil man on the planet, >> the main character. That's how many times he's mentioned in the Epstein files, ladies and gentlemen. And as a matter of fact, Epstein himself in an email in 2019 said that if Donald Trump felt cornered, he would bomb Iran. You can look that up yourself. You can look that up yourself. >> He wasn't even president at the time. >> If he felt cornered, he would >> wait. 2019 wise to trap a rat in a corner is what he said. >> Epstein said that about Donald Trump. >> Uhhuh. Huh. >> Wow. Okay. Um, because Black History Month ended, Peacock said, "Bye-bye, Selma. We need the space." >> What? >> What? Literally what? >> Ahead and bought Selma today. Unfortunately, it's on Amazon, which the FBI words don't come up. And then the words at the end of the movie where they're telling us about people's futures don't come up. I do remember what those say. So, I will like basically narrate that portion of the movie, but none of the FBI stuff comes up. I don't know why. >> What is he even talking about? He just goes off on like some let's talk about Selma rant at the end of this, but some of the some of the uh replies here, you know, artwork on display at this high school. No wonder these teachers are allowed to talk like this. They've got like ice. They've got uh what's this exactly? >> Going to the office. And trust me, I'm >> Oh, there's more. Oh, there's more. There's more. Oh my gosh. Yes. Yes. Yes. This is a different person recording. I think it gets worse. By the way, the kid probably knew to record him cuz this lunatic probably rants like this every day. Now, what is he teaching? Probably not Donald Trump 101. >> Going to the office. And trust me, I'm petty as [ __ ] I'll write up all the stuff. I'll put all kinds of stuff in the report. >> By the way, shout out. They got the little Jesus thing. Uh, we have a Christian student, I think. Hopefully. >> Make sure you're an ISS for 5 days. >> Wait, is it the one that starts with a B? >> The gentleman next to you. >> Oh, you've been saying that for what? >> I don't care. >> Oh, >> I don't care. >> We're not going to say it in here anymore. Are we on the same page? Or again, we can go to the office and again, I'm Mr. Petty. I'll make a report that gets you suspended. So he's openly threatening the students now. So he's openly threatening the students now. >> So you threaten him and pay everybody $5 in the class to go along with it. >> I mean you see her, you know, let's look at the school stores. I was surprised at the score. Teachers are low IQ, overpaid, unionized. Whoa. Uh I mean, I wouldn't I wouldn't say that. I wouldn't say that about all teachers. Um by the way, uh this individual has been fired. Now, they're saying he quote resigned, but he was fired. Like that's the finding out portion of this. When you prioritize the indoctrination over education, this is the result. You know, parents are waking up at holding school boards accountable. This is according to Salem here, Sabo Salem. I mean, good job to you and your team. This is in the important work of libs of Tik Tok and these videos and and these smart students that are recording these teachers, you know, because it they're they're insane. This isn't even the first time. Here's another teacher caught on tape, too, by the way, not that long ago. They're also fired >> the other day and they turned on the water that he said they weren't turning on from the north and that's why the fires wouldn't go out. He [ __ ] 2.2 billion gallons of water flowed from reservoirs that go to farms so that he could put it into the river to fight the fires. Except one thing. Guess where those rivers don't go near? LA. The water has nothing to do with that. You just wasted two billion gallons of water for farms for that that it didn't >> waste wasted water for farms. Wait, what? >> The rest of you, it's not my job. I'm not even supposed to do it. But I'm I'm hoping it makes some sense to somebody. Jesus Christ. You guys will be able to vote next time around. If you vote Republican, you just bringing us all down. >> If you vote Republican, you're just bringing us all down. And by the way, swearing and blaspheing in front of the class. I mean, uh, you know, it's so wild to me. >> It's crazy, man. It's crazy. It's crazy. And the only thing that bothers me more than him is all the Republican senators and congressmen who just keep going along with it. It's not cuz they believe in it. You got to know they don't believe in it. They don't believe in any of it. They're afraid that he's going to talk smack about them on truth social. And then >> you're joking, right? There's a whole like never Trumper contingent of Republicans that are 10,000% not afraid. It's their entire brand of being never Trumpers. I mean, these teachers are insane. >> They're going to lose their job in an election. So, they're just doing whatever he says, which is the worst POSSIBLE THING CUZ THAT'S CALLED A DICTATORSHIP. DID YOU see that? >> He This guy's literally raging. the vein in his neck pulsating absolutely melting down in front of high school kids. Now the answer is not I mean yes I think homeschooling is good but the answer is you know gutting the school system and breaking apart these unions and getting uh like more getting these activist teachers out. There are certainly lots of Democrat teachers. In fact, most are Democrat who aren't unhinged ideologues. You could immediately improve the school system just by, you know, having a strict standard of this is not allowed in your class. Period. Ever. And then if principles are allowing it or covering it up, they should be fired. And if school boards are allowing it, they should be voted out. We have to take back our schools not by self- selecting out of them which again I'm not against homeschooling but this system must be fought from within. It must be it must be re changed. It must be rebuilt. There are for every think about again for every one of these recordings that exist there are probably a thousand that go unrecorded because students are afraid. This is step one. smart, brave students recording these things and bringing these teachers al light because almost every single time they end up getting fired, which is great. It serves as a warning to other woke teachers who are obsessed with politicizing their students and it also uh helps root these people out. I don't care what they believe off the clock for the most part. Okay, but you know, you have a job to teach math. We are woolly wolffully behind in education in this country. We don't have time for indoctrination, too. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, make sure you leave a like on it. If you haven't yet, please subscribe or follow down below. And we'll talk to you again real soon.