It's time to return to return to Silent Hill. Has one of my favorite game franchises been ruined again in the name of cinema or have they pulled a RA? No, it's it's it they ruined it again. They ruined it again. Hi everyone, it's AZ here from Heel versus Babyface. Welcome to my review for Return to Silent Hill. Now, I will be giving away spoilers, although I think the director managed to spoil the movie all by himself. Yeah. Okay, I'll carry on. And I'll tell you what I liked about it, what I didn't like about it. Let's just say the former is going to be very quick indeed, but the latter is well, this film's a bit of a disaster to say the least. Now, this is likely just going to be a stream of consciousness video, so if you want to sit back and listen, by all means do. If you want something visual to look at, that's uh a little bit of me playing the Silent Hill 2 remake from last year. Or is it 2024? I don't know. Time has no meaning anymore. But let's get into Return to Silent Hill, shall we? Which allegedly is meant to be an adaptation of the Silent Hill 2 video game. It uh has some of its characters. It has James Sunderland. It has Maria/Mary. It has Angela and Eddie and Laura. It also for some reason has Dalia Gillespie, but um we'll get we'll get to that a little bit later on. However, James Sunderland in this adaptation tends to look more like Harry Mason. And I don't know if that's intentionally done because it seems like the director Kristoff Gunt or whatever he's called tried to merge together Silent Hill and Silent Hill 2 into one story which is complete and utterly incohesive. Now I'm a huge Silent Hill 2 fan. It's one of my favorite games of all time. And oh boy, it's not got the most convoluted plot. The video game, it's a great video game and and there is a lot going on, but if we were to to to reduce the plot down, it's actually quite a simple plot. a guy, James Sunderland, his wife has died uh seemingly a few months ago and he receives a letter from her telling him to return to their place, Silent Hill, somewhere that they visited. And upon getting there, he gets into all the trouble he gets into Pyramid Head and all that kind of stuff. And then we have the reveal at the end. I told you we're doing spoilers. That James actually killed his wife. Now, the reason for killing her is is ambiguous and that's left open for you to decide. Did James kill his sickly ill wife because he could no longer stand looking after her and he wanted to be free of this this burden that was upon him? Or uh did James mercifully kill Mary in an effort to put her out of her misery? However, in doing so, still place ridiculous amounts of guilt on his shoulders and guilt which he cannot handle and a desire for punishment regardless. And that is where Pyramid Head comes in because Pyramid Head is the embodiment of James's desire and need to be punished for what he did. Now, along the way, we meet Angela and Eddie and Laura, and they have their own stories to be told, but not in this film. You see, in this film, Laura and Angela are actually Mary as well as Maria. So, Maria, Angela, and Laura are all different aspects of Mary because Mary in this film is completely different to the Mary from the video games. This Mary is from Silent Hill. And that's where she meets James just outside of it. James in in this movie is um a stoner artist who drives around in muscle car Mustangs. And as Mary's trying to leave Silent Hill, he bumps into her. She changes her mind about leaving Silent Hill. They both go inside of it. It's all nice and everything like in it. And a romance blossoms between them. He moves to Silent Hill, but they don't get married. They are just boyfriend and girlfriend in this adaptation. Hence why it's not Mary Sunderland, it's Mary Crane. or as the reveal towards the end of the movie shows, it's Mary Angela Laura Crane. Uh, you already know that we're going to get off to to levels of stupid. So, the cult headed by Daria Gillespie and and you know, a lot of the town's folk is still in existence in this. And it looks like their figure head used to be Mary's dad. What a coincidity, eh? And so they're doing all these rituals with Mary and and James kind of comes in on a couple of them. They pretend nothing's going on. He follows them down to the sewers once and and watches them uh do some weird stuff and kind of like rip her rip Mary apart, but she comes back together. you know, it's the kind of what is quite going on in Silent Hill shenanigans. So, in this movie, James, we start off with James getting drunk uh after the the intro at a bar cuz he's unable to deal with the death of Mary. And one thing that I'll give a positive for is the fact that um whenever they're in a situation where music can be played uh then it tends to be uh Mary Elizabeth McGlin who uh you know who sings you know a lot of the the songs for Silent Hill, Silent Hill 3 particularly. So, it was nice to see to see her nice or nice to hear her at least because she's phenomenal singer and those songs are absolutely fantastic. There are a couple of visuals which are pretty much taken from the game itself and and that's all well and good. It's a shame that the story doesn't match that in the slightest. And this film is only 90 minutes long. It's an hour and a half. an hour and a half, by the way, which felt like five hours watching it. I just I just want to state that. But James receives this letter. It's not half as good as the letter from the video game because the story was so drastically changed that they have to create a new letter that fits the arc for that. So he goes to Silent Hill and he finds, you know, some creatures walking around and then the sirens go off and it becomes the the hellscape that we know. Go to familiar locations, Lakeside Hotel, the hospital, stuff like that. A little bit down the way, he bumps into Maria as he's chasing after Laura. And apart from the fact that she looks horrendous in that she literally looks like a hooker trying to trying to pick up tricks, terrible wig, uh, and whatnot. James doesn't even when he first meets her he doesn't even say hey you you know you look like my dead wife dead girlfriend in this adaptation nothing like that that is left to towards the end of the film where Maria says to James at one point I look like her don't I like why would you say that and he says oh or it's the way that you look at me and I'm just like wait what What? Why are we having that? Anyway, so he bumps into Angela, who is a facet of Mary. Do we get Angela's story? No. Because Angela's no longer Angela. She doesn't have her own agency anymore. She doesn't have her own story because she's meant to signify a part of Mary now. And so her story is ruined. A bit like Laura. Laura sees the horrors of Silent Hill in this film, which she doesn't in the video games because in the video games, Silent Hill to Laura is absolutely fine because Laura isn't there for any penance. And then we bump into Eddie and we have a couple of scenes with Eddie and he's never seen again. Bye-bye Eddie. He kicks James a few times because James summons Pyramid Head and Pyramid Head uh appears not often at all. enough Enough to make him stupid as he fights this spider creature as James is watching from the closet and it and it looks goofy and stupid. And when James first arrives in Silent Hill, just to slightly backpedal, he's got his mobile phone with him and it works. So he uh he keeps making these phone calls to his therapist. Uh and it's it's really stupid. And then and then of course the obligatory Oh no, I've run out of battery. I was on 1% battery and now it gone. Bye-bye. So James and Maria just wander very easily through Silent Hill. It's literally go from A to B to C. There is no danger in this silent hill. And and you realize there's no danger once all the story is revealed. Uh James is is laser focused on trying to find Mary. He he finds, you know, an entity of her and she sticks her fingers right down his throat and sends him back to the real Silent Hill that hasn't been altered in an effort for him to try and get on with his life without her. There are some terrible reveals coming up, but James can't handle it and then forces Silent Hill to return. And this is where we get things like the rejection of Maria. Now, of course, in the video game, Maria is a representation of the the sexual aspect of Mary that he he desired. um which for you know whatever reason her sickness or maybe her her personality in general he wasn't getting uh in this she's she's just a a a kind of fake out that you can let's just leave Silent Hill together and you can take me away and that's it. She doesn't serve any purpose. So, so James at one point just goes, "Uh, you're not Mary. I don't need you." And when he does that, he he oh, this is where one of the first, not first, but this is where a horrific things happen happens. He then manages to summon the entity Pyramid Head to kill Maria because, of course, that is James' vengeance, James' punishment. But now he's controlling Pyramid Head because it zooms into the eyehole of Pyramid Head and we see James's face behind Pyramid Head. Yeah. Did you know that Pyramid Head is actually Jame? Yes. Yes, we did. Cuz the game came out in what? 2002. So, we knew that it was an embodiment of of James's desire to be punished. We didn't need to see James's own face under the but we did. So, so Pyramid Head once again gets absolutely done up the [ __ ] in an adaptation for Silent Hill. he finally gets his way to uh Maria's um hospital bed or whatever. Uh that's when she shoves her her hands down his throat, sends him back to to the real Silent Hill where he forces Silent Hill to return. Then he falls into the lake when he returns. And that's going to come back because yes, people who are at least inquisitive or at least uh interested in the time loop theory, we're coming back to you soon. And he goes to where they used to have um tea and biscuits. I think at Lakeside on the ver at Lakeside and uh Mary's form is revealed and you because you see all these moths everywhere. She's like this hideous moth that's chained to a bed and uh the the uh the the blankets are forming the wings and she's got like four six arms or something. She's just like an insect woman thing. And instead of running away, James accepts her because you're still Mary to him. So everything's on fire around them. The floor falls away, but James is just floating. It's just flying now. and they kind of have a sort of um monster human cuddle thing because we then get another game destroying flashback and instead of Maria being ill for whatever reason, cancer, whatever it is, uh it's what the the cult led by Gillespie have been doing to her that makes her sick. cuz they've been feeding her this gunk since she was a kid. And so she asks James to kill her. She asks James to kill her. So James suffocates her. uh takes a body. Well, then it then it then it materializes back to Silent Hill, but now we're in the the safe Silent Hill, you know, just ash and everything going everywhere. He's carrying Mary's body, which now looks human, but it's wrapped up in blankets and stuff, but you'll see in a second it's human. He gets in his Mustang. He drives it to the beginning part of the game and we get one of the game endings which is known to be the canonical ending for Silent Hill 2. Uh which is the driving into the water. He he then decides to drive into the water and kill himself because he says when I helped you die, I should have died that day as well because you me baby together forever. Even though we're just boyfriend, girlfriend, not even married in this one. WHY AREN'T WE MARRIED? [ __ ] KNOWS. SO, we get the into the water and James is holding her hand and Mary looks like Mary and we're at the bottom of the lake and then the the truck from the be big the truck from the beginning of Silent Hill, the cutscene where Harry is driving pulls like drives under the water and rams into them. And then it rematerializes right at the beginning of the movie where D James is is [ __ ] around with his joint and he and he smashes into Mary's luggage as she's trying to leave Silent Hill. And this time instead of him saying, "Nah, I'm just going up the road." So she goes, "Okay, well, I'm going to go back to Silent Hill." Then this time, because he remembers it all, he says, "Hey, I'm going to take you away from all of this." and he gets in his car, goes vroom vroom, and speeds off because the time loop theory, he's now set it to the beginning, but this time he's made the correct decision, which doesn't actually make any sense because that means that she would have still been fed the gunk since she was a kid by the cult for 30 odd years or however old she's meant to be in this. And and that is the end of Return to Silent Hill. It is awful. It isn't in any capacity scary because the reveal of the story shows you that James wasn't ever under any threat. I mean, Angela, Laura, they were all parts of of Mary, and they were in essence trying to keep him away because Mary didn't want James to see her true Silent Hill demon form. Eddie in out put the kettle on. See you later Eddie. and uh he controlled Pyramid Head because he he realized that I am I can control. So there was there wasn't any threat. There wasn't any scares. There were a couple of cheap jump scares, but they were pretty much at the beginning of the film and then they just stop. There's there's uh a couple of bits of nice imagery here and there, but for the most part the the makeup is a abysmal, like abysmal. There's a scene in the broad daylight where James is meant to be having this full beard and you can see the glue. You can see all the glue of the beard there and and and it's so embarrassing. It's embarrassing. And when when it was revealed, as you can see from the thumbnail, this is where Mary's dying and it's meant to be serious and she tries to get a glass of water and and she fall she nearly falls out of bed and instead of being like, "Oh, I'm dying laughing right now." which I don't think is the reaction that the director wanted. Uh but there we go. Uh Return to Silent Hill. It's uh I tell you one thing. I'll give you a positive. I'll give you a positive. It felt like just a really bad movie from the 200s. That's what it felt like. And uh it was nice just to have that feeling of well do you know what I just saw a bad movie. Nothing no messaging no other that just this was just a just a bad movie through and through. And I'm thinking $23 million budget. I I like I know people I know people that would could do that budget and make that look a million times better and also have a much better story. Anyway, so yeah, I'll give this a two out of 10. It's it's it's appalling. It's not worth your time watching and even when it comes out on streaming, it's not worth picking up in the slightest. And if it happens to be on TV at some point in your life for free and you're you're, you know, just out and about or something or you you're sat down in in your uh house and you're like, "Oh, I'd turn it over. I'd just turn it over." Because if you're a Silent Hill 2 fan, you're gonna get nothing out of this but disappointment and potential anger, even if I was laughing at the end due to how bad it was. So, there we go, folks. Return to Silent Hill. Uh, please never return to the cinemas again. For somebody that allegedly loves Silent Hill, I I I don't know somebody who's butchered it more uh than than Kristoff uh G the director. So please sir, just Sassui, that is enough. And I'll see you guys and gals in the next video. Until then, you take care. GOODBYE. HEAT.