Someone created a website to track game flops in real time. Live tracking with live charts, trend analysis, and chat and chat. Come chat live as we watch games flop in real time. This is so hilarious. Oh my gosh, dude. I already enjoyed this day. It was already a hilarious day. If you saw my first video of the day regarding the modern audience cope, now we got this. This is great. Now, if you're actually new to this sort of discourse, you might be wondering, why would gamers want to watch games die? Well, first of all, this is kind of like a meme thing. Let's establish that. First of all, it's kind of like a joke meme website. But there is a real aspect to it as well, and that's because the AAA industry for many years now has become more and more predatory, and they treat gamers terribly. Everything from predatory monetization strategies to games that are really not even fit for release yet, but they release them, and they charge more than ever. Maybe they eventually roll out some patches and you know what happens often? The patches don't actually make things better. Sometimes they even make things worse. or if you're lucky, maybe they fix like 2% of the actual issues going on. On top of that, you have these corporations embracing DI policies, then grandstanding on fake moral soap boxes, preaching down to the players, acting like they're so morally virtuous. For example, you've seen this recently going on over at Bungie. And it's like, dude, you're a corporation. You are in no place to act like you're morally superior to your own players. But this is what these companies do. It's extremely obnoxious. And really, it's disingenuous as well because they do this to try and get ESG funding. This is a whole separate topic. I'm not going to go down this rabbit hole, but I do have a lot of videos extensively discussing this topic. I'm trying to keep this one brief and to the point and briefly explaining why gamers really dislike the AAA industry nowadays. You can see that there is a variety of very good reasons to dislike that industry. And so, online couch activists are now upset at this website for existing. How dare you laugh at AAA flopping? How dare you laugh at AAA games flopping? You're supposed to just unquestionably bootlick AAA corporations. What a joke. For example, we have quote tweets responding to the news about that website saying things like actual mental illness. It's bizarre that Marathon of All Games is the primary focus of this, too. Is it the primary focus, though, or is that simply the screenshot that this account used to talk about the news? Like, that seems like a conflation. This kind of stuff really is pathetic. Gamers explicitly cheering on the failure of games. Nasty, mean-spirited stuff. Why can't people just say, "That's not for me anymore." Well, like I just explained, it's because of the history of how AAA has been praying on gamers for years now. So, yeah, it's not surprising that people are happy to see that industry crumble apart. It really has become awfully corrupt. Here's another one from a gaming journalist. Yeah, not surprising at all that he's defending AAA. Anyways, he says, "People's obsession with seeing games fail will literally kill off the hobby. Stop this weirdo stuff. Ignore games you're not interested in and play the ones you are rather than sitting and drooling and praying that games don't do well for some bizarre sense of entertainment." First of all, I reject the premise that it's going to kill off the hobby. If anything, it's going to make it return to a more genuine place like it used to be. And that's a good thing. I'll explain this as well because this is also a good thing. Here's what I'm talking about. If gamers see the newest AAA slop, they want at least 70 bucks for it. The game is unfinished. It's not good. And you have an option. Buy that. Waste your 70 bucks on that. Or maybe you follow the news on that for like a week or so. Read some articles. Watch some videos about that. you're entertained watching that game fail, that predatory game fail, and you didn't have to pay anything. Yeah, that's also good. It really shouldn't be surprising that gamers getting free entertainment out of AAA slop instead of wasting their money on it is something that more and more people are choosing to do. Next whiny post reads, "Disgusting. To be honest, gamedev is not about you verse me. The more games succeed, the better for the entire industry. Prove it. What evidence do you have that the more games succeeding, the better for the entire industry? Because you want to know what really happened? And we actually have historical evidence backing this up. The games industry was taking off. It was becoming more and more popular. These companies were making more and more money, and there was more and more investments being put into the gaming industry. What ended up happening was the so-called quote unquote initification of the industry, which is a very bad thing. On top of that, we've also had more disingenuous people getting into the industry. They don't get into it because they genuinely like gamers and they like making games. they like game development. No, they see that this industry has become one of the largest industries in the world and there's simply money to be made there. There's also a power and ideological aspect as well. You have people with certain agendas getting into the gaming industry to push said agendas, something you often see in AAA as well. And that's not a that's not a genuine thing as mentioned. That's very disingenuous behavior and it's treating the gamers as if they're just tools to be used. Big surprise that people also don't like that. Furthermore, like I preface this entire thing with, people are also now taking this website too seriously. This is clearly like a meme thing as well. Watch games die in real time. Like, bro, you are overthinking this. It's just a meme thing. With some truth baked into it as well, that being everything that we've just been discussing regarding what the AAA industry has become. This one's just disappointing. This guy says, "Only chumps celebrate game failures." It's supposed to be Chud. You're supposed to call us Chuds. How dare you get that wrong. Remember when people used to post clips of their gameplay or make montages? Oh yeah, because that totally doesn't happen anymore, right? People don't post gameplay clips anymore or make montages or stream or do game reviews. Like, what are you even talking about at this point? And this one reading, "It's funny that gamers have been so desperately wanting this game to flop by any means necessary, but people just enjoy it too much that they have to do stuff like stare at a graph every day. What the freak?" as if that slashfinancial success is any metric to go by in the games economy. Hold on a second. There is so much to unpack with this one. First of all, no one's watching the graph every day, staring at it like every day all day as is implied here. Like that's that's ridiculous. Get real. Uh and second thing, are you act is this person actually acting like the financial success doesn't matter? the player, excuse me, that the player count is not a contributing factor to a game's financial success. There just ain't no way. There just ain't no way. The third thing I want to point out with this is once again people hyperfocusing on marathon being in the screenshot. These people do realize that the news itself is talking about game flops, right? About game flops. In other words, more than one. They just picked marathon for the screenshot, but these people are hyperfocusing on that aspect, acting like the entire website's just about marathon. Like, come on, guys. Come on. It's not that hard of a concept to understand. Gamers are the freaking scum of the earth. Oh yes. How dare you? How dare you laugh at a corporation failing to failing to prey on you and failing overall. You are such scum for that. How dare you? Aren't people obsessed with watching games die? Imagine spending every day looking at charts to know when a game's going to die. That's not even what's happening. Again, these people are nuts. What the freak? Someone makes a website that maybe someone will visit for like a minute tops. Probably less than that. Just like check the chart. That's funny. Probably let's be realistic here for a second. Probably not many people are going to use this website at all. It's funny for like a quick news segment. It's funny to laugh at really quick and to read these people that are blowing this so out of proportion and not understanding the reasons why people would even be interested in laughing at something like this, albeit briefly. They're seriously thinking like, "Oh, people are going to spend every day looking at these charts now." Like all day every day looking at these charts. What world are these people living in? Like there is no sense of reality here at all. I I to be quite frank. Excuse me. I got to slow down for a second because when I was making this video, I was planning on this only being like a two to three minute video. As you guys know, I like to make short videos pretty often on my channel. If you don't know that, you can take a look at my channel and see. I do frequently post 2 minute, three minute videos. This was supposed to be one of those. But as I was going through these responses right now, there's just like an endless supply of terrible points. I'm sitting here like in disbelief and also just having a lot of fun with this. But I'm going to wrap this up soon enough because I am running out of time. But my gosh, this has been pretty dang hilarious. Here's another one. Literally one beneath this one that we just read. Check this out. What kind of miserable looks at player number charts all day instead of actually playing games? Who do you think is really doing that? I like I'm not going to repeat everything I just said. That applies to this post as well. But yeah, these people, like I said, are nuts. Now, for posterity, let me also mention that there's a lot of people laughing at this news, thinking it's hilarious. Not everyone's mad. I'm just going over, or rather, I just went over a number of responses from people whining about this. There's another really funny side note about this. A lot of the accounts you saw that are angry about this news, and plenty that we didn't cover in this video, are also the types that claim that they're anti- capitalist. So, they're going to LAR on twitter.com and probably also on Blue Sky that they're anti- capitalist. But when a website comes out laughing at corporations that are failing, oh, suddenly we must bootlick the corporations. How dare you gamers? You guys are so problematic. Now, a lot of this comes down to ideological reasons. It's because a lot of these corporations push the very same agenda that these people agree with. For example, what I like to call DI corporatism. So, they larit they're anti- capitalist, but as soon as a corporation that has their same sort of hive mind flops, they get very mad. And that's why we're seeing them get so mad. But anyways, I'll leave it there. Thank you for tuning in. I hope you enjoyed the video and I'll see you next