Hello everyone. I was going to originally just post the documents with a quick announcement. However, I have now added a third person to my defamation lawsuit. It's a pretty big deal and I need to explain to you all what's going on. Remember Carmelo Anthony, the good boy who didn't do nothing wrong? The one that raised hundreds of thousands of dollars. uh on I believe G send um to the tune of one well they wanted $1.4 million but the donations have completely collapsed and his trial is rapidly approaching and his family just got some very very bad news. Now, if you don't remember, Carmemelllo Anthony is the boy who didn't do nothing wrong and was just bringing a knife to high school as you do and or a track meet and then in the wrong tent as you do and starting a fight with somebody in the wrong tent as you do and then of course pulling out that weapon and plunging it into him uh taking his life in front of his brother. That is common behavior we see of a you know youth group uh that is out of control and the trial is coming up. It's very very soon and they are panicking because the money has dried up and their lawsuits to try and attempt to silence independent journalists have now been rejected by a judge. Here is a uh all-around update on the Carmelo Anthony case. Many people have been asking for it. A trial date is set for Carmelo Anthony in the Frisco trackme meet stabbing case. We know that much, right? Um, in fact, this feels like a good time to uh to to to sh to shout out uh a sponsor for this video because uh you know it it see it feels like a good time, you know, survival, you know, taking care of yourself, it feels like a good thing to do. Have you ever wondered what it feels like to use the same precision tech used by US special forces? Well, good news. After years of research and development, MGC Tactical just dropped something incredible, and that's the Stinger combat site. It wasn't your average, It isn't your average red dot site. Using holographic technology once reserved for elite military and law enforcement, the Stinger delivers crystalclear precision, so accurate, you could hit a dime at 300 yards without even trying. This is the exact same level of technology used by the pros. But here's the twist. Most sites like this go for 600 bucks or more, and people happily pay for it. Right now, through an exclusive deal with us and MCG Tactical, you can get this milspec site for under 200 bucks. And it gets better. For my listeners and viewers, you're getting 67% off. And they're covering shipping. Just scan the QR code on the screen or go to mcgac.com/quartering to get yours today. The only catch is that supply is tight and they're already flying off the shelves. Grab yours now before they have to shut down orders. Link in the description below. Well, let's go to the the trial date, which is rapidly approaching. It is set for June 1st, 2026. Now, when this crime happened, many people felt like, wow, it's going to be so far away. I mean, think about this summer's trials. Carmemelllo Anthony, u Luigi Manion, Tyler Robinson in the Charlie Kirk assassination case. There are some of the biggest trials in American history happening this summer. Now, for me, obviously, the Carmelo Anthony case is open and shut, and it's only a matter of how little time the judge is going to give them because he was a good boy that didn't do nothing wrong. But it starts, it's starting to set on June 1st at 9:00 a.m. That's barely 2 months away. Well, 3 months away, and they're out of money. So, what are they doing now? They're trying to sue anybody who's been covering the case. Carmemelllo Anony's father, Drew Anthony, was suing independent journalist Sarah Fields and just yesterday had asked for the case to be thrown out. Uh, I'm sorry, Sarah Fields was suing Carmelo Anony's team and father. Um, and they wanted it dropped and the judge signed with the journalist. This is a February 24th court filing from the Penny Clarkson District Clerk. On this day, the court considered defendant Drew Anony's motion to dismiss under Texas Citizens Participation Act of Texas Civil Practice and REM Code Chapter 27, Pliff Sarah Fields response in opposition the pleadings and evidence properly before the court. After considering the foregoing, the court finds that the motion is denied. Order is therefore ordered that defendant Drew Anthony, that's Carmemelllo Anony's father, and his motion to dismiss under the TCPA, is denied. It is further ordered that all relief not expressly granted herein is also denied. I mean, this is obviously bad news for Drew Anthony. Uh this is a guy that uh as you see employed people allegedly like Charleston White and Tiffany Billions to harass independent journalists who were covering the truth about what his son had done. Charles White and Tiffany Billions have accused me of illegally obtaining private information and documents from Colin County Courthouse. In an interview viewed over 800,000 times, not counting clips shared across the internet and clips being st shared today. Charles White claimed I was a prostitute and a meth addict and claiming I sold my body for meth. I have been called a supremacist, a bad mom and a bigot. Last night, Tiffany Billions doubled down an interview calling me a drug addict and that I live in a shack. These people are bullies and ultimately bullies get dealt with when you stand up to them. If I actually look up here the Drew Anthony lawsuit, this is something that isn't going to go well. You see, I'm formally announcing my lawsuit against Drew Anthony, Carmemelllo Anony's father, Charles White, and Tiffany Billions. We were just officially granted alternative service by the judge. The lawsuit is moving forward. Again, this is absolutely horrible news for the Carmelo Anthony family because they are out of money now. They have burned through all the money that the they duped dumb white liberals into giving them. And here's a little update on the lawsuit. Here's when the lawsuit started. >> Hello everyone. I was going to originally just post the documents with a quick announcement. However, I have now added a third person to my defamation lawsuit. It's a pretty big deal and I need to explain to you all what's going on. For months now, I have been targeted, harassed, and smeared, and lied about by Tiffany Billions and her associates. >> Tiffany Billions is the advocate for the Anthony family and Carmelo. Carmelo Anthony is the 17-year-old who is now 18 who allegedly stabbed Austin Metaf in the heart on April 2nd on at Frisco ISD. I reported on the Anthony case from day one. I provided context that was not given by the mainstream media, documents from the court via open records subpoenas emails and information about their first advocate, Dominique Alexander. >> Remember Dominique? how quickly he's disappeared, right? Dominique Alexander completely off the face of the planet. Uh, not good. This is not good news. >> My exposure and my reporting reached millions, including my advocacy for the children who were placed in danger, who were witnesses on the arrest report, who were being doxed by these advocates and their associates >> who were working directly with, according to the lawsuit, and the information to me looks correct, who are working directly with Carmelo Anony's father, Drew Anthony, to try and do PR. You see this? Charleston White, who I'm currently suing for defamation, hired Drew Anthony, Carmemelllo Anony's father, as his quote personal assistant and publicist. Here's this Facebook post. These are all people that have been going after independent reporters who are telling the truth. Remember Carmelo Anthony? He's had a Carmelo Anony's father has an interesting past. multiple counts of theft, arrested multiple times, one, two, three, four, five, six different charges. Although some of them, okay, no seatelt, man, you should not have that shouldn't be against the law. I think you should wear your seatelt, but just like I think you should wear a helmet on a motorcycle, but it's not the government's job to uh force you to do that. But what's interesting is all of these people, right, they gave $589,000. It's completely dried up. $20 a day ago, 25. So, I got 45 bucks, five bucks two days ago. Here's somebody who gave a hundred. I mean, it's still coming in as a trickle. The donations, I mean, they've basically burned through everything. And what's funny is that they took this $600,000 and haven't given a single update to the people that gave it to them. It's been almost a year since peeling off $600,000 from white liberal guilty women and nothing. Not a single update. Not a single update. Now, his trial again starts June 2nd. Rumors are is that they burned through all the money. By the way, here's an 11-year-old Clayton Deetsz being charged as an adult for coldbudded murder. He was grounded and took his dad's life over his Nintendo Switch. Okay. Going into prison while Carmelo Anthony is attending an Ivy League school and living in a $900,000 home. Now, I think the it's up to debate like they they're they're renting someplace and they're doing, you know, all sorts of stuff like that. But it seems like the world has forgotten about this case because well quite frankly there's so much other crazy stuff going on. But the Camo Camelo Anony's family's attempt to get these charges and lawsuits dropped have failed. It is going to put a major financial strain on them when they've already burned through the $600,000 that were given to them. Now, my guess is my guess is is that they are going to be begging for money again very soon. I'm almost certain that that's the case. Now, I used to feel bad for Drew Anthony and and his mom because you you know, your kid is a full grown man. It's hard to say like, you know, he makes his own decisions, but his behavior, uh, you know, and smearing people who are trying to report on this makes me not feel bad at all. And this looks like it's going to take the rest of their give, send, go money, which is actually hilarious to me. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, make sure you leave a like on it. If you have yet, please subscribe or follow down below. And we'll talk to you again real soon.