That is hyperbolic. >> No, it's it might be hyperbolic for you as a white man. >> Oh, okay. >> It's certainly not hyperbolic for me as a Latino. No, I'm not being racist. >> It's incred to dismiss my opinion for being a white. >> No, I'm not dismissing your opinion. Well, it appears CNN is just as terrible as usual, and so is Anna Navaro in this wonderfully awful exchange where Anna tried to dismiss Brad Palumbo, who is a friend of the channel, by the way, actual point based on the fact that he is the worst thing humanly possible to be a dastardly white man. Oh my god, Brad Palumbo is in fact white and is in fact male, so how dare he have an opinion. And of course, this did not go over well for Anna Navaro. Brad Palumbo called it out in the moment. And this is what we're going to talk about today. But before we do, I want to thank everybody who supports this channel via actualjusticewarrior.com/join. >> I give me the money. Give you give me the money. Okay. >> So, for those of you who are unaware, I've actually been on Brad Palumbo's YouTube channel a couple of different times. We had some debates and in the most recent iteration, I actually ended up having a conversation/debate with Destiny, everyone's favorite internet boyfriend, your absolute number one person to comment about his past relationships. So, if you want to check that out, that will be linked in the description. But this CNN exchange was actually built up to over time. And honestly, the clips that are going viral of just Anna Navaro being absolutely cringe don't do it justice because Brad Palumbo was actually bringing some heat, bringing some fire against the CNN panel before that. And you could see why Anna Navaro was so angry, especially as somebody coming from the bubble of idiocy that is in fact the view based on his previous statements where he was shutting down the members of the CNN panel. So, I'm going to play a little bit of the exchange that led up to the exchange that is getting all the viral attention so you can get some of the context of this conversation and how Brad was doing in the role as the vaguely right-wing or libertarian person that is on a CNN panel that has to basically bring all the logic and reason and common sense to said CNN panel. >> Obama's falling into the messaging trap. This the issue for Democrats is not just the messaging. A lot of them seem to think that, well, if we just got the messaging right, America would love our ideas. Actually, no. A lot of their ideas are deeply unpopular. The Democrats have allowed themselves to become the party that stood in almost uniform behind child sex changes across America. >> That's just not true. >> I'm sorry. I can explain it in 30 seconds how true it is. Joe Biden brought Dylan Mulvaney to the White House for an interview talking about how important it was to keep those procedures legal in in all 50 states. Every Democrat after the recent Supreme Court decision, almost every Democrat in Washington put out a statement decrying it that states would dare regulate puberty blockers being given to 11 or 12 year olds. So, as you can see right there from the jump, Anna Navaro is in the split screen. She's absolutely furious based on the fact that Brad Palumbo is pointing out that the Democrats don't just have a messaging problem. Now, make no mistake about it. Their messaging is absolutely terrible. But fundamentally, their ideas are in fact what is at issue. There's a reason why the most popular or successful ad ran by the Trump campaign was the ad about Kla Harris being for they them and Trump being for you. It's because the American people are not in favor of these experimental procedures being used on children in order to fulfill the Democrats ideological obsession with gender and children. So Brad points this out. He highlights it. He points out that Dylan Mulaney was invited to the White House that there were all these conversations about how they need to protect these procedures. And after a recent Supreme Court ruling on the Tennessee law that actually restricted these procedures for minors, all of the Democrats in unison came out and acted like the sky was falling. And the reason they acted like that is because this is a major issue for the Democrats. Now, of course, we're going to get the little tricky trick that the left-wing progressives always like to use whenever this topic comes up in just a moment, but I want to give Brad credit where credit is due for calling this out and giving a very brief and concise explanation as to why he holds this position that is never going to actually be addressed by these group of gaggling absolute losers. On the border, on inflation, there are many issues where it's not a messaging issue. The policy is also the problem for Democrats. >> So what what I would say is that on that piece that is not true. Democrats did not campaign on that. Did Democrats defend the dignity of the LGBTQ including the trans community? Yes. And they will continue to do that. What I will say what I will what I will say what I will say. >> So there it is. That is the trick. That is the deception that the left-wing progressives who always want to defend child sex changes. by the way, but don't actually want to have to argue for it actually end up making and that is the Democrats. They didn't campaign on this explicitly. Kla Harris, her entire campaign was not rooted in this. That's not what happened at all. And yes, the Democrats were trying to run away from this issue as it was becoming more and more unpopular during the electoral process. But that does not mean that they're not in favor of it. That does not mean that they did not campaign on it previously. see Kla Harris again supporting transgender surgeries paid for by taxpayers for prisoners, including illegal aliens, while they're incarcerated. And of course, they would always deflect from the main issue because they never wanted to signal too hard against the transis base that are absolutely obsessed with this. So yeah, the Republicans made their positions what they actually believe the issue. The Democrats ran away with it, but make no mistake about it, they never disavowed these procedures. They never said that they weren't in favor of it. They always deflected off the issue. They always tried to dodge it. And this is part of what sealed their fate. Now, of course, the other issues that were brought up by Brad Palumbo, i.e. the border, i.e. the economy and whatnot, did take precedent over that. But part of the reason why the Trump campaign emphasized this in particular is because they wanted to show how unserious the Democratic party was. Because while you're worried about the border, which Kla Harris was made the borders are, while you're worried about the economy, which a lot of Americans didn't feel was going well, while you're worried about inflation, in reality, the Democratic Party through the executive branch is crafting all of these different various policies and making moves with their Justice Department to ensure that these transis procedures for underage people are kept in place. They are focusing on puberty blockers for your 11-year-old while you're concerned with inflation. This is why those ads were so successful. It's not because Kla Harris was expressly this time. She was in the Democratic primary back in 2020, but not this time campaigning on these issues. It was because it showed us what the Democrats were actually doing when they were in power. The issues that matter to their base. And obviously that was alien and foreign to the American people. and they rejected it wholeheartedly. And again, there's a reason why this was the most successful ad in the swing states. And there's also a reason why Kla Harris would never attack the claims directly. She would just complain about Trump running an effective ad in those swing states. And by the way, this denial was even more ridiculous, especially if you've read the campaign book fight, which gave us an inside look into the campaign for the presidency back in 2024, which of course showed that internally the Democrats knew this ad was absolutely devastating. And of course, all of their numbers reflected that. So this woman right here is using the progressive trick to obuscate the issue and pretend like it was no big deal. And in reality, it's not anybody in the Democratic party that is fighting for these laws, trying to put these policies in place right before your eyes. That's the issue. The issue is you're concerned about it. The issue is you keep noticing it. And that honestly means that there might be something wrong with you, not something wrong with the Democratic party. Because there can never be anything wrong with the Democratic party except for the messaging. Except for improving the talking points around sterilizing your underage children that are prepubescent, that's the only thing that the Democrats can work on. But their policy, 10 out of 10, first class all the way. But I will say is that Republicans totally used that issue completely weaponized lying about what Kamla was running on lying about what Democrats were lying on and they did it brilliantly and we didn't fight back. I think they were toxic absolutely I think they were toxic in their rehears and what you claim again their exact goto the Republicans weaponized this issue they were lying about what Kla Harris was campaigning on not what she said notably what she was campaigning on which I've already addressed and then we get a 40 and slip where they were like oh the Republicans were lying about what the Democrats were lying about which of course is their support for child gender transition so all of that is the prelude all of that is the setup. All of that leads to our next clip where Anna Navaro is very angry, very upset, very hurt by Brad Palumbo's presence and she's going to embarrass herself >> right >> now is uh to oppose something. I am hoping that next year there will be policy debates between Republicans and Democrats running for Congress and we will get to hear real policy differences and policy proposals. Also, I want to respond to you saying that I was hyperbolic when I talked about a reign of terror. >> That is hyperbolic. >> No, it's it might be hyperbolic for you as a white man. >> Oh, okay. >> It's certainly not hyperbolic for me as a Latino. No, I'm not being racist. >> To dismiss my opinion for being a >> No, I'm not dismissing your >> So, yeah, there's Aaron Navaro very angry at the fact that Brad referred to her as being hyperbolic. Let's be clear, Anna Navaro is always hyperbolic. And of course, she invokes that he is a dreaded white man in order to dismiss his opinion. Brad calls this out as racist. And everybody's like, "That's not racist. She just dismissed your opinion and said that you only hold that opinion due to your race and due to your sex." And then Anna Navaro tries to hide behind being a member of the Latino community. Again, I'm half Puerto Rican. I know Anna Navaro is Nicaraguan. In fact, one time on this channel, I said that she was Cuban by mistake and you guys flipped out on me on the comments. So, yes, I was wrong about that. But Anna Navaro does not speak for the Latino community. Again, Latinos voted for the evil orange man at greater rates than they've ever done for a Republican in recent history. And Anna Navaro has no explanation for that other than the fact that I guess Latinos are evil white racists, too. Who knows where she's going to go in that direction if we let her alleged train of thought end up continuing. But of course, Anna Navaro is falling into a trap that is obvious and honestly constant with the Democratic party where they assume the number one issue for Latinos is immigration. It turns out that's not the case. It turns out you've tried that for three Trump election cycles and each and every time he got more Latino votes than the previous time because you don't seem to get it. >> Opinion. I am telling you that what Latino the Latino community, the brown community in America speak in one voice. >> Okay. Well, let me speak with my voice. You said I was being hyperbolic. Let me respondally. Sure. >> I'm not You being a white man as an insult. >> You're When you invoke it to dismiss my >> Being a white man is an insult. >> Being a white man is an insult. Being a white man is an insult. Anna, relax. Chillax. Calm down. We all know that this is not your normal speaking cadence. We all know that you got caught. You got called out. You feel uncomfortable because of that. So, you're deciding to rapidly uptick your speech pattern. And it's absolutely embarrassing. And whether it's voluntary or not, trust me, it's definitely embarrassing. You decided to invoke this thing that works in your progressive cocktail parties. But guess what? Nobody is impressed by your inability to engage with the subject matter in an appropriate way. Again, you talked about the Latino community, the brown community. I hate to do this thing. I hate to pull this card, but look at the sidebyside of Brad Palumbo and Anna Navaro and tell me that these people have vastly different skin colors, that they're from vastly different communities. It's absolutely absurd. They're both in media. They're both on CNN. Brad Palumbo may be from the alternative media. So again, he would be considered from a lower class than the standard journalism class as Anna Navaro. So the idea that she's going to pull rank and pull victim on Brad Palumbo is patently absurd and ridiculous. >> When you invoke it, >> are you do you think do you do you think Latinos are living under circumstances that other people may not be? conversation because we're of course Ann and it's like do you think that Latinos are living under a different circumstance that maybe not everybody is living under in this country and of course the answer to that is some of them are sure like just like some white people are living under different circumstances that not everybody's living under. Again, these arguments are absolutely failed. And it's funny because you have a progressive that's in a bubble. You have somebody who's used to howling at the moon on the view with a bunch of other equally dumb people and she can't really actually engage with somebody outside the bubble. And of course, the host has to try to save the day by being stupid as well. >> About to have a whole conversation about that very thing. >> Um, but I just want to make a point that Brad, all she's saying is that her view of the situation is different from yours. I don't think that's an insult. >> She basically said, "I'm wrong cuz I'm a white." She just said, "I see it." She said, "I see it." She said, "I see it differently from you." Which is not an insult. It's not. And it's also not a racial. >> So, here we have Abby Phillip lying about what is recorded, what is on tape, saying, "Oh, Anna was just saying that she has a different opinion from you, which obviously you wouldn't need to invoke the fact that he's white or male in order to do so because they're arguing on an opinion-based show right in front of our eyes." Again, it's absolutely absurd. And you see how weak and cowardly these people are. And by the way, in a panel that focus a lot on messaging from the Democratic party, of course, they immediately go for the low blows in terms of race. And what ultimately ends up being the result of this. Everything that Anna Navaro was trying to argue, gone, kaput. Nobody gives a damn about it and nobody should. But Anna Navaro invoking race, targeting Brad Palumbo because of his race and because of his sex. That is the focus of the tale. And again, this is a perfect distillation of why Democrats have made identity politics so toxic in this country. Now, of course, Abby Phillip ends up running to the break. She is a coward in every possible regard. But I want to know what you guys think about all of this down in the comments below. How do you think Brad Palumbo ended up handling himself? Do you think Anna Navaro is right that Brad Palumbo should not speak because he is a dastardly evildoer who is guilty of the crime of being white and male at the same time? or do you think that I'm right about everything because I am Shawn and my analysis was absolutely perfect and that's why you're here in the first place. Again, all your thoughts down in the comments below. As per usual, if you like this video shown by leaving a like, subscribe for more content, follow me on the social medias. Support me via the support links in the description of this video. This has been me talking about Brad Palumbo versus Anna Navaro. Till next time.