Hey you, yeah you. Do you want to write a fantasy show? Then here's a crazy idea for you. Start out with a likable, good-natured protagonist who comes from humble origins and send him on a journey into the wider world for the first time. Along the way, he meets friends and enemies, encounters challenges and setbacks, and has to make some tough decisions that give the audience a better insight into who he is. But with a little help from his friends and some good old-fashioned grit and determination, he manages to stay true to his principles and wins through to the end, becoming a stronger and wiser man as a result. Like I say, it's a crazy idea in the post-modern Hollywood landscape where heroism, bravery, masculine determination, and optimism seem to have been outlawed, but holy [ __ ] is it working for A Night of the Seven Kingdoms. Probably the best show on TV right now and fast becoming my favorite show in the Game of Thrones universe. No way. Yes way. >> I was going to wait until the season finale next week to deliver my final verdict on this one, but unless the main character suddenly starts eating babies, I'm pretty confident in saying that A Night of the Seven Kingdoms is [ __ ] excellent. Why? Well, it's not because of the epic scale or the record-breaking budget, the sprawling cast of characters, or the mind-blowing special effects, because it doesn't have any of those things. It's a smaller, more modest kind of show that knows exactly what it is, that has no aspirations to be anything bigger or grander, and instead just sets out to do the best it can with what it has. It's one of those wonderful examples of resource constraints actually working in a production's favor, forcing the showrunners to rely less on scale and spectacle and more on good writing and characters. Because guess what? It doesn't need anything else. When people are invested in your story, they'll forgive all manner of technical shortcomings. I mean, have you seen the [ __ ] we used to watch in the '9s and 2000s? Trust me, we weren't there for the special effects. But if not, then no amount of shallow visual spectacle is going to change that. Anyway, before I plunge any deeper into my analysis, allow me to furnish you with a plot summary. The story centers around Sir Duncan the Tall, a man who will one day go on to become a legendary figure in Game of Thrones lore. >> Sir Duncan the Tall. Four pages for Sir Duncan. He must have been quite a man, >> so they say. >> But when we first meet him, he's nothing but a lowly squire to an obscure hedge knight who's just passed away. After burying the old man and taking up his sword, Dunc decides to enter a local jousting tournament with the vague goal of winning some respect as a knight and maybe even joining the king's guard someday. A modest quest for a modest man, but straight away you absolutely want him to succeed. Partly because of the sharp writing that immediately fleshes him out as a simple but decent man. not especially smart or cunning, but with a good heart and a desire to become more than he is, and partly because of a great performance from lead actor Peter Clafy, who just radiates likability. Now, this mission isn't as easy as it sounds because his former master wasn't exactly a rock star as far as knights go. None of the noblemen that he approaches have ever heard of the guy, and if Dunc can't prove his lineage, then he can't enter the tournament. While he searches for a solution, he also strikes up a friendship with a mysterious young boy with a shaved head who identifies himself only as Egg because his head looks like a [ __ ] egg, I guess, and offers to be Dunk Squire. As it turns out, though, help arrives from the most unlikely of places in the form of Prince Bor Targaryen, a conscientious man who makes a point of remembering even the most obscure hedge knights that served under him. He vouches for Dunk, allowing him to enter the tournament. Great stuff. Unfortunately, it all goes a bit wrong when Dunc gets into a fight with Bor's nephew, Aaron, to defend the honor of a young woman. Aon's pissed with him and demands trial by combat, but with a twist. Instead of a one-on-one fight, it'll be Dunc and six other men against seven chosen by Aeron. But what will happen in this medieval royal rumble? Who will live and who will die? And why do I have a sudden craving for a bacon and egg sandwich? You know, it's been kind of fascinating watching the change in attitude towards this show over the past several weeks. When it was first announced, I don't think many people were exactly burning with anticipation for it. Game of Thrones had ended on a bum note that soured millions of people on Westeros forever, and House of the Dragon, for all its capable writing and strong cast, had never managed to recapture the same magic. That show was a lot of things, but fun wasn't one of them. And yet, almost from the first episode, people seemed to perk right up and opinions started to change. And that sentiment's only gotten stronger with each episodes. There was this weird ground swell of positivity and for lack of a better word, relief. Relief that we weren't being subjected to yet another season of grim, dark misery porn with a reluctant fantasy veneer. Relief that for once we had a genuinely brave, likable, decent protagonist to cheer for who wasn't harboring some dark secret or machavellian scheme to destroy everything and everyone around him. Relief that we finally got a sincere story that explored concepts like honor and heroism without trying to mock or belittle them as outdated relics from a different age. Relief that we even get to see men in full battle armor beating the absolute [ __ ] out of each other without the addition of some [ __ ] ridiculous 100b girl boss pretending like she can fight just as well as the guys. >> Girls get it done. After a decade of Hollywood's self-imposed malaise, depressing moral ambiguity that inspires absolutely nobody, and tedious culture war panderin that pisses off everybody, this show honestly feels like the breath of fresh air that everyone was desperately ready for. Even now watching it, I kept asking myself, how did they get away with this in 2026? How did they avoid all the tedious tropes that we've been told were essential for a modern audience? I don't know, man. Either this show was lowprofile enough and lucky enough to fly under the radar, or and this is a much more exciting possibility, maybe Hollywood are finally realizing what their audience wants and more importantly what they don't want. Because here's the thing, we are [ __ ] done with the bleak nihilism where everybody is bad and nothing's worth fighting for. We're done with the morally gray protagonists that nobody really likes. We're done with the ironic mockery and the sneering post-modern criticisms of classic heroic archetypes. We're done with the girl bosses and the diversity quotas and the alphabet soup of sexualities that have to get crammed into absolutely everything. They don't. We don't need any of it. What we really need is a bit of optimism again, a bit of good old-fashioned adventure, a window into another world that's actually exciting and interesting to explore. And that's exactly what A Night of the Seven Kingdoms delivers from a perspective that you don't often see. We're used to seeing Westeros from the point of view of kings and generals and epic power struggles in palaces and fortresses. It's kind of rare to view that world through the lens of the common man through small villages and farms and minor tournaments in far-flung provincial outposts. There's a charming little slice of life aspect to the show that I think it's important not to overlook. Narratively, it never doawdles, but it also takes just enough time to let us tune into the world to get a feel for it and the people who live there. And because it's not weighed down by a hundred different plot threads and characters that it has to keep jumping between, for once, it allows us to just settle in and bond with our leads. Speaking of which, Dunc and Egg make for a great pairing. Contradictory, but also complimentary. One's physically powerful, but naive and inexperienced with the wider world. The other is small and puny, but deceptively wise, and way more connected than he lets on. The two actors have got superb chemistry together and some of the most enjoyable scenes of the show are just the two of them hanging out, talking together, sharing a meal. It's simple stuff, but you'd be amazed how effective simple things like this can be when you've been starved of them for years. Honestly, I just can't say enough good things about A Night of the Seven Kingdoms. It's a show that put fun and adventure back into fantasy again that actually makes me feel good when I'm watching it instead of despairing over the human condition. and it's one of the few shows on TV that I actually look forward to each week. Is it a lucky fluke that somehow made it through the net? Or does it signal the start of a major realignment in Hollywood's creative output? I don't know yet, but for now, I'll [ __ ] take it. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.