Hello and welcome back to Clownfish TV. It is me, Geeky Sparkles. It is just me for this video because Neon's trying, but he only can do so much and then he starts coughing a lot. So today we're going to talk more about the whole situation with the Paramount buying Warner Brothers Discovery. Um it seems that David Zazlab and a bunch of other executives are now selling their stocks. um they already have sold off millions of dollars uh hundreds of millions of dollars in in stocks. We also have, you know, this all is happening while we have the fact that the S&P said that Paramount was in a negative credit watch. Um the FCC chair says that the merger is a lot cleaner now than the Netflix deal, which is setting off the different uh people like Elizabeth Warren, the same old typical people you'd expect. Oh, that they want to know what Trump officials said to Netflix chief about the deal and and oh, the meeting was cancelled with Netflix hours before streamer, you know, dropped the deal. Like they they knew they were going to probably pull out. Well, they were probably waiting to see what was going to happen. Why go through all that if you don't know yet? And they already said that they weren't going to pay more. So, if the price went up, they they were going to probably walk away. And they already had stated that. And then once again, we're going to talk about Ted Sarandos, who is Coco of Netflix, saying that no, the DOJ inquiry and Trump weren't really involved. their decision. So, before we get into it any further, please like and subscribe. Subscribe. If you do, I will give you a woohoo. Woohoo. I also am supposed to remind you that um the pins, the Giggy Rage pins are going to be done here in 33 hours. They probably be left up a little bit longer than that, but I I do believe Neon's probably going to shut this stuff down pretty soon so we can get things moved into production. Same with the Crimson Ren um hard coverver book. if you miss it the first time or you want the pin that's available. There's a that special pin he's doing. I'm trying to find it, but I don't know where the picture is. There's going to be a pin as well. If you want here it is like this. If you want these, you might want to get on that now because I don't know how much longer he's going to leave it open. So, we're going to talk about this. Um, so now that we know that they're selling and they're getting a sale in place, Zazlav and different executives have sold their shares. They they sold shares as a window opened following nearly a decade of dealmaking. According to the Hollywood Reporter, they said the a window for top Warner Brothers Discovery executives to sell their stock opened up after the company reported its last quarterly earnings. The SEC filing shows that most of the top execs, including Zazl, the CEO, took advantage of it. He filed to sell more than four million shares in the company, which valued over 114 million on Tuesday. other executives including the CFO, uh the streaming chief, the chief revenue and strategy officer, the international chief, and more sold millions of dollars in their shares as well on Tuesday. Now, they're allowed to do this because they waited till the window opened. And since they're selling the company, it makes sense. They want to get their money and, you know, bail. But it's just interesting because they're cashing out all these millions. And as people in the com in the comments and other places are saying, there's going to be a lot of employees who make it gone. Paramount's saying they're they're not going to go for staff cuts, but there's no way they're going to need two two teams leading all the different stuff. There's going to be redundancies. They have a lot of debt. I don't think they're going to they're going to be able to keep everyone. There's going to they're going to have to get rid of some staffing. And I I think that there's these people that are in charge are going to cash out. They ran the company in the ground. they're going to cash out and get theirs and then a lot of people are going to be left with whatever's left over, whatever the next company decides they get or if they get to keep a job. So, the sale comes as Warner Brothers Discovery now has signed a deal um with Paramount Sky Dance for $31 per share. A year ago, Warner Brothers Discovery shares are trading at 11 per share. So, as a major stockholder in the company, he is strongly incentivized to secure the outcome of the deal. Yeah, that's a big, you know, it's going to be a big jump. So, why sell off? Warner Brothers Discovery has been engaged in a state of dealm since last June. A few months later, they're talking about Paramount the whole situation and then Paramount won. Top executives can only sell shares in short windows after public companies report earnings to avoid allegations of insider trading because the split announcement in June and then the sales process and hostile tender that ran last week. There have been a there is no been no window to sell until now. They obviously think they're going to make the best deal by selling it now. He's set to receive north of 600 million for his shares in the company. The final number yet to be determined. And other executives will take home more than a hundred million. The sales this week are just opening salvo ahead of the deal closed payout. So they're just they're liquidating some of the they're not doing all their shares, but liquidating some of it. It just it's just concerning because everybody's going to be like, why are you selling all your stuff now? You know, why now? if the stuff's going to be worth more later and there's going to then they talked about the the um incentive for shareholders that they might do the 25 cent thing. You'd think that that would be better to wait because you get more money, but they're all cashing out and especially when uh S&P said Paramount is on a negative credit watch because um they're worried about how much debt they took on. When Sky Dance bought Paramount, they took a lot of debt with that. And if they take on Warner Brothers Discovery, it's still going to be a lot of debt. They said that they're downgrading it, but they also said if the deal goes through and Paramount gets Warner Brothers, um, the amount of IP that's available to them would be a significant and they probably would, you know, bump it back up higher because they're worth more with all that. It's it's it's in place now though till a deal goes through. So that's all going on. And then while this is going on, the FCC chair Brandon Carr said that, you know, basically it's been smoother sailing. It's a lot cleaner with the Paramount than the than the Netflix deal. And that's setting off the usual suspects. So he said it's a lot cleaner than the now defunct Netflix deal to buy Warner Brothers Discovery. Netflix would have had a very difficult path forward from a regulatory perspective because the scope and sale and scale of the streaming service that would have been created by combining Netflix and Warner Brothers Discovery Property HBO Max. See, it's already a it's already a kind of big deal because they're trying to combine um Paramount and and HBO Max, the Max together. And that's already like the second and fifth biggest streamers getting put together. But Netflix was already like a huge streamer. It would have been a much bigger deal if Netflix got them because Netflix is already such a massive streamer and then they them getting more. They're saying it would have been it would have been a harder to get through deal um in that perspective. He said there were a lot of concerns um in DC about Netflix buying the company. Netflix backed out of the deal and and that so they're saying that it's actually moving forward faster. The Justice Department is reviewing the merger and not likely to block it. Bloomberg said the agency is taking a softer stance on the merger enforcement and hasn't blocked a deal on antitrust grounds since Trump took office. Uh the deal will still face review and now Netflix is already in review too. And that's normal. It's normal to go up against you know they have to be grilled and asked questions that those meetings are normal. The uh the the whole process to make sure that there's no no violations of antitrust. That's that's normal. But immediately, you know, here comes Elizabeth Warren and co. They're like, "Oh, they want to know what Trump officials said to Netflix about the deal." You know, basically what what he what did he say? Did he did he have something to do with them walking it back? And they're all going in lock step. Democratic law makers pressed Trump administration a paramount deal. Netflix's Trump White House meeting was canceled hours before streamer dropped. Why Netflix co dropped his bid to buy Warner Brothers Discovery and Trump didn't something. They're all going they're all going all in the same, you know, oh oh Trumpy Trump and we better and the and the usual suspects are like we gota we got to find out what the deal was and what underhanded [ __ ] there was going on except Ted Sarandos who who is the the co-CEO of Netflix and the face behind the deal said that there wasn't anything going on. He said the DOJ inquiry is being reported as oh it's because they're trying to stop it and Trump was trying to get his buddies a deal and all this other stuff. And and Saranda said this was completely normal. The story has been fed out to everybody. Notice how he said fed out like typical media outlets. Fed out to everybody, but it's just not accurate. We were not only involved the DOJ, we were involved with 50 regulatory bodies around the world. These things have been going exactly the way they should. He al this article also says Saranto's add that President Donald Trump remained neutral on the deal and the Department of Justice followed its usual procedures. It was not a group of bipartisan AGs. It was a group of Republican AGs. This deal is approved by the Department of Justice, not by the Senate or the committee. The president stayed completely neutral on this. The DOJ was doing what they do and they had been quite diligent. that is coming directly from um Ted Sandos. Uh they asked about political resistance to their bid. He said, "I don't know that there was a growing political resistance. It was a growing narrative of political resistance." Notice he said narrative again. He's calling out the media. You're feeding people [ __ ] It is narrative. Okay. But we were on a normal regulatory path. This is normal. They've had many a deal. They know what's normal. It was in D I was in DC on Thursday for a scheduled meeting with the DOJ from a couple weeks ago to go through some questions about the deal. It was a very productive meeting. Nothing out of the ordinary. Nothing has shifted or changed dramatically. That hauled me to Washington DC. So Ted Sarandos was in charge of the Netflix part of the deal. He decided not to buy it. Basically, he said before before this, he said he wasn't going to go any higher. He knew if Paramount was going to win, they were going to have to give more money. And he made it clear that they weren't willing to pay more money. and it worked to their advantage because their stocks went up significantly after they decided to withdraw from buying um Warner Brothers Discovery, but he's calling out the the stories being fed to everyone and the narrative. So, while he's telling people he would know he was there, you have that, you know, against the whole situation with Elizabeth Warren and them, you know, 18 hours ago, they want they want to know what Trump officials said to him. He said nothing. He they didn't do anything. He said it was normal, but whatever happens happens. And it's already Dazzlab's already on his way out. All the executives are already selling off their stocks. They're still going to be listed in negative credit at Paramount because of it. Um because they have so much debt from, you know, when they Sky Dance bought Paramount. It is what it is. We'll have to wait and see how it happens. But it's pretty bad when a person who lost, who pulled, is flat out saying that what's being, you know, positioned, this political narrative is narrative and it's not true and it's being fed to people. So that's the current status of this stuff that's going on. What do you think? Comment, let us know, and we'll talk to you later. Bye.