I think that this show is going to be really promising. I think a lot of fans are really going to enjoy it and it's going to be nice to have Darth Maul back. At last, we will have revenge. We are having our 25% off sale at theories.com. Go ahead right now and grab whatever you need because the sale is ending very soon. Hurry. >> What's up, guys? How you doing? We're going to talk about the mall show. We have a little bit of information and I am the most excited for the mall show because it's about Darth Maul. It's about after Order 66 and also because we just found out that we're not most likely going to be getting Ahsoka season 2 cuz it wasn't in any sort of announcement for the list of projects, Star Wars projects coming in 2026. So, I don't know if this just left out or if we're actually going to be getting it or what's going on. Maul has had several returns from another animated run in Star Wars Rebels to a second big screen appearance with his brief cameo in Solo. And they're not done with Maul yet, which is great because he's a very popular character. Did you know that he was brought back by George Lucas because fans were so enamored with him? They thought he was so cool so that he brought him back in the Clone Wars and essentially did the whole spider thing. [screaming] The show titled Maul Shadow Lord, which is animated, is slated to release sometime in 2026. And it's crazy we don't have a date yet. and Star Wars year-end roundup included the official description, Maul, Shadow Lord, explores Maul's quest for power in the gritty and merciless underworld following the aftermath of the Clone Wars and Order 66. The period in which the show takes place is particularly notable because it's an era of Maul's timeline that remains largely a mystery, at least so far. At the end of the Clone Wars, Maul narrowly escapes death once again after he and Ahsokaano duled and Order 66 was executed. So, if you remember in the Clone Wars, Maul and Ahsoka duled, but he was proposed to join her and then they were supposed to go, you know, see what's going on with Anakin or save him, fight him, whatever it might be. He declined and ended up fighting her, lost somehow, which personally I think that that was just a Dave Filona move. I don't think that Darth Maul would lose to Ahsoka. I just don't. I think Darth Maul was a very formidable opponent. And uh yeah, sure. Take Freddy Prince Jr.'s words of Maul being sisophist. Yeah, okay, great. But I still do think that he would have beat Ahsoka in a fight. Plain and simple. The guy was trained by Cidius. He was a darksider. He survived many, many terrible, horrible things and still came out on top. Now, as for the synopsis here that we've just gotten this little bit, I can already theorize that this is going to potentially take a lot of inspiration from George Lucas' sequel trilogy, which was supposed to be about a void, a vacuum in the galaxy after the Emperor died with a lot of different remnants such as either stormtroopers, factions, gangs, or crime syndicates like what Maul was running and part of and head of to essentially try and take this power for themselves because it's up for grabs now. And so Maul is going to navigate under that idea, that story. And the fact that he's going to be in this underworld and gritty and all that, that that means he's going to be kind of like how he was portrayed before the Phantom Menace where he was slithering, so to speak, in the shadows. And I think that this could be the introduction of Talon who then could go on and be in live action, be a grown character and be a very powerful woman, powerful female character as we've seen that in Acolyte. >> She's a powerful leader. Yes. >> But an actual good female character, not just a shitty one and then if we don't like them, then all of a sudden we're sexist or racist. This is going to be a really well-made character. And I I if they do it right and I think with Talon, you can't go wrong. Well, I've said that before. They went wrong with Luke Skywalker. So, what do I know? >> Sacred Jedi texts. >> But personally, I'm probably the most excited. Even when I thought Ahsoka season 2 was coming out next year, I was the most excited for this mall show because first of all, the animated stuff, I'd say 95% of it hits. Pretty much everything except for Tales of the Empire, I think it was, which was No, was it Tales of the Empire? Yeah, I think it was Tales of the Empire. Anyways, I think that this show is going to be really promising. I think a lot of fans are really going to enjoy it and it's going to be nice to have Darth Maul back because the animated shows do bring maybe a smaller well definitely a smaller audience than perhaps live action or you know the Mandalorian, but it brings a very loyal niche audience. Very very loyal. and those watch parties were some of my more most memorable because not everyone watches the animated stuff and it's kind of more so hardcore fans. That's just the population, the consensus of animated shows. We remember it from the Clone Wars, from Rebels and the Bad Batch even, right? So, it it's more so of, I'd say, the hardcore fans that show up and show out for the animated stuff. And it's great that they're continuing that and that there's enough of us for them to justify the cost and the expense. They justified 750 million for Andor and 250 million for Acolyte. So I would hope that they would justify a fraction of that for animated stuff for us. But that's my thoughts on the mall show. I don't really think there is much else in here. The rest is just a bunch of SEO dribble. Hopefully we get a announcement and a date soon as to when it comes out. My guess is maybe February, but I guess we'll see. Have a great day. Leave a like here and I'll see you in the next one. Until then, remember the Force will be with you always. >> [music] >> Now fulfill your destiny.