Well, it seems like a surgeent dog zapper isn't the only one in the LA streamer click who's already getting worse this year. As that takes us over to this clip, viewers are urging Valkyrie to take an IQ test after she suggested birthdays should be for parents instead of the children. >> Shouldn't it be the mother's birthday, not the child's birthday? Like, shouldn't it be because technically a birthday is when the mother had given birth. So it should be the mom's birthday and then the man should have an in inse insemination birthday. So like the day of pregnancy, the day of conception is the father's birthday and then the birthday of the birth is the mother's birthday. Thoughts? [laughter] Okay, I'm just kidding. Okay, I'm just kidding. [laughter] No. Okay. Hot take. Okay. Hot take. >> My gosh, man. Oh my gosh. This Look, maybe I'm getting the wrong impression here, but it came off like she was completely serious. Like, let me rewind a little bit. This is my This is like my assumption. Again, I'm I'm not saying this is what happened, but this is the vibe that I get. She was off stream and like came up with this concept and thought it was some like she thought this was like a high IQ moment, right? And so she thinks like, "Oh, when I stream, next time I stream, I got to remember to bring this up." And so she brings it up and then she's acting like all smart as she says it. Like she seems like she's completely serious and like proud of this take. And then it looks like she's reading chat and the chat's probably just like mocking her and then she's like, "Oh, no, wait. It's a joke. It's a joke. Hot take. Uh, just kidding. Maybe I'm wrong about that." And she was joking the whole time, but that's really not the impression I'm getting. And speaking of chat, we have Pokemon was genuinely upset when her Twitch chat wasn't gifting subs upon her return stream, saying, "You guys aren't giving the level of excitement I thought you'd give." >> Yay. How are you guys doing? Hello. You guys are not giving the level of excitement that I was thinking that you would give. Give it right now. What's >> Hold on a second. Pause. Before anything else, tell me I'm seeing things, guys. Ain't no way she's wearing a Gucci hair clip. Miss Eat the rich, capitalism is so bad. Let's uh let's just put Gucci right there in my hair on stream, you know. Got to got to show that off right there. Things would get a little more complicated, though, because it turns out there's more to that clip as people would try to defend Pokemon by posting the rest of the clip. So, let's see what the rest is. >> Yay. How are you guys doing? Hello. You guys are not giving the level of excitement that I was thinking that you would give. Give it right now. What's a good, fun, exciting emote to spam [laughter] actually? Okay, that person said, "You seem happy." Wait, can you guys do the cat one? that that's one of my favorites. Um, I am very happy. Would you like for me to tell you why, Leila? Thank you so much. >> So, that's the rest of the clip. That's the rest of the context that Pokemon defenders are posting. Then, we have two sides here. We have people criticizing Pokemon saying that that context doesn't change anything. And then her defender saying that it does change stuff and that she didn't say anything about subs in the first place. Well, the reality is baiting subs, baiting donations, that's a thing. And it doesn't require streamers to overtly say like, "Oh, hey, give me subs. Give me donations." Now, whether Pokemon was doing that or not, I don't 100% know. But what I really do wonder is who unironically watches that? I mean, she's just sitting there putting on this fake personality, wearing this Gucci hair pin, hair clip rather, and like doing her makeup. Could you imagine like unironically you're like, "Hey, what do I want to do today? Do I want to game?" Nah. Do I want to like go outside? Nah. Let's watch Pokemon do her makeup and act fake for the camera. That's what I want to do on my free on my free day, on my off day, on my free time. Let's tune in unironically to watch a Pokemon stream. That's just crazy. Literally, there's only one person who gets a pass for doing that, and his name is It's a Gundam, and that's because that's his wife. So, of course, he's going to watch Pokemon unironically. I got to mention this, too. The way Pokemon says, "Yay!" has to be one of the most obnoxious things I've ever heard in my entire life. Yay. Anyways, there was another clip I saw initially, but then I watched it and it was pretty boring, so I'll leave that one out of the video. We'll leave it here. Let me know what you think about the latest from the LA streamer click. And thank you for tuning in.