A very popular YouTuber has embarrassed Hollywood at its own game, self- financing their own film and absolutely crushing it at the box office in its first weekend. Hi everyone, it's AZ here from Heel versus Babyface. Popular YouTuber Markiplier, a name that some of you might have heard of. if you haven't, he's only got a meager 38.2 million subscribers on the platform. Decided to turn his eye towards Hollywood. And if it sounds very familiar, that's because another YouTuber did it last year. Chris Stuckman with just over two million subscribers on YouTube had done a crowdfunding campaign to create a movie that he wanted to make called Shelby Oaks or as I like to call it, I totally wanted to call this film Silent Hill. And that released at the cinemas last year. Now, Chris managed to raise about $13 million for this campaign. Uh not all of it went into the movie because he had to reward the backers of the crowdfunding. So some of that money came out for that which is absolutely fine and fair. And then a company called Neon uh invested in his movie as well. And the latest kind of budgetry for Shelby Oaks is seemingly around the 2.8 million mark. And potentially more importantly, Chris Stuckman had a lot of help from Mike Flanigan, who let's just say is pretty  hot right now with absolute masses smashes on Netflix with Haunting of Hill House, Haunting of Blind Mana, Midnight Mass, etc., etc. So, with all of that backing support, additional support, how well did his film do? Well, Shelby Oaks managed to squeeze out just over 6.1 million worldwide at the box office, which is no small feat by any stretch of the imagination, but with the budgeting, etc., it probably eaked out a little bit of a profit. Uh, enough possibly to make them happy. I'm not too sure, but let's just say I think they were probably hoping for more than this, particularly with the support of Mike Flanigan, particularly with the extra money invested into it by Neon, but the film itself just wasn't particularly wellreceived at all. I want to put my cards completely on the table here. I'm no fan of Chris Duckman. I find his YouTube channel to be excruciatingly boring. and as a person after stuff that he's done and said and all that kind of jazz over the years, let's just say I don't think him and I uh have a lot in common and I'm okay with that. But with that said, I actually legitimately want to give him props, major props, because he at least had the balls to go out there and fund a film, write a film, and try and get it out there at the cinema. Something new, something, I would say, different, but you know, maybe the reviewers of his movie uh would have other words to say about that. But at least you had the gumption to go out there and do something new, you know, like write a story for the ripper verse in Saints and Sinners, the biggest selling book for the ripperverse of 2025. Anyway, but you guess you get you get what I mean. Which brings us to Iron Long, the movie made and written by Markiplier, starring Markiplier, funded by Markiplier. Now, they say the budget is around about the three million mark, which is pretty much uh on par with Shelby Oaks, and this is an adaptation because it's actually based on a 2022 video game called Iron Lung. So, there's there's that element as well. This isn't an original piece by Mark. It's an adaptation, but he's taken the video game, written it for film, starred in it, and funded it. And it's been a big success. In actual fact, it's been a huge success financially. Iron Lung opened up this weekend to a 21 million worldwide take, which is absolutely spectacular. Apparently, the marketing on the film wasn't much at all. In actual fact, it was really Markiplier pushing the movie on his own YouTube channel. And I guess when you've got 38.2 million subscribers, that's a pretty decent audience at least to pitch the movie to. So with a budget of 3 million and not a lot of marketing, it probably only had to hit about 6 and a half million to break even. So this is substantially, shall we say, in profit, which is just wonderful to see. Domestically, it's done the bulk of the work with $17.8 million. The other just over three was done internationally. And even though it's showing a 3,5 cinemas there at the moment, apparently due to fan demand, this is going to be expanded to around about 4,000 theaters, which apparently also made Markiplier shed a tear or two. And I think there's nothing wrong with that whatsoever. Again, it's just an absolutely colossal success story. But one might say, you've you've slightly unfairly compared these two people. After all, one has 2 million subscribers plus Mike Fanigan. The other one has 38.2 million subscribers. Personally, I would say that's on par with each other. But let's compare therefore Ein Long to another horror film which has just come out at the cinema as well. one that I have unfortunately seen called Return to Silent Hill. Now, bear in mind that this film has also been out at the cinema for an additional week to Iron Lung and it's only brought in $18.3 million worldwide with a production budget of $23 million. Even more concerning is it did 16 million of this in its opening weekend. And so since then it has absolutely fallen off a cliff. And it's very easy to see why. With a production budget of 23 million, this film has to hit somewhere in the region of 50 million to make its money back. It's not even going to come close. This film looked cheap. The acting was terrible. The costumes were awful. The makeup dreadful. If you were to tell me that Return to Silent Hill was the film that had the $3 million budget, I would have believed you quite easily from what I saw on the screen. And with a director with decades of experience in the industry to get absolutely schooled by a YouTuber on their first endeavor kind of really sinks in the point about where the movie industry is right now. And again, cards on the table here as it did with Chris Stuckman. I have no feelings towards Markiplier either way. I've never seen any of his content at all. I haven't seen him or followed him on any social media platforms. I have no negative or overtly positive feelings either way. It's just a name I'm aware of. And that's it. And you have to praise his industry. He's I mean not the industry, his individual industry for going out there self financing this project which is the the biggest risk that you can possibly do and managing to get such a wonderful amount of people to turn up and watch your film. And it's made me now want to go see what it's all about. And that is the knock-on effect that something like this can have. Whereas I couldn't give two shits either way about Shelby Oaks. And I'm a huge fan of the Silent Hill franchise. So of course I wanted to see how they massacred my boy with Return to Silent Hill. I have absolutely nothing when it comes to Markiplier, but because of the buzz, because of the good nature and the feel-good story that has surrounded all of this, I think I might have to pay a little visit to Miss Cinema when it pops out and see what it was all about in the first place. So, massive congrats to Markiplier. It's it's the kind of stories that we love to hear. And hopefully maybe there's some people who are watching this video right now that have got a little spark, a little idea in the back of their mind. And you never know, maybe it's time to bring it a little bit further forward. I'll see you in the next video. YOU TAKE CARE. GOODBYE BLUE. HEAT.