Ark Raiders has taken the gaming industry by storm. Gamers everywhere seem to be absolutely loving this brand new extraction shooter and I can class myself amongst those. However, it appears to be a very different story when it comes to gaming journalism. What a surprise. Hi everyone, it's AZ here from Heel versus Babyface. While gamers seem to be absolutely loving Art Raiders, the gaming media has taken a different perspective. Eurogamer yesterday gave the game a score of two out of five stars or four out of 10, which had a significant knock-on effect to the critic score overall. However, did they do that because they genuinely didn't like Arc Raiders and they went through the process of explaining what didn't work for them and all that kind of stuff? No. In actual fact, Eurogamer liked the game a lot and explained why they enjoyed the game a lot. So, why the two out of five or the four out of 10? Well, they gave it because of the generative AI which was used in the voice acting. A very minor part of the game as you don't particularly interact with the NPCs. Most of the function is in-game itself and the proximity chat with other players which can be very funny indeed can also be very fruity indeed. So because of that they significantly tanked the score. And whereas there is a conversation to be had about the use of generative AI in voice acting versus real life voice actors, they themselves have become victim of stuff which they shout and cry wolf about all the time. They literally became the review bombers because they marked it down by an unfair amount simply because of this AI function which they admit in the game isn't a big deal but because of their moral objection it's wiped out a huge chunk. So the very next time the games media want to complain about players review bombing stuff, then you just have to simply refer them to this review where they do it in 4K. But that's not what I actually want to really go into in this video. What I really want to go into is an IGN review that went up about Art Raiders approximately 6 months ago, which has been absolutely laughed into the ground. And when you watch it, you'll see why. Now, this is a review by a guy called Jared Petty, and I don't think he could have had a more apt surname, and it currently stands on YouTube at 979 up votes and over 30,000 down votes. I guess I better do my part on video eh? So, let's just have a look at this masterpiece of a review, shall we? >> Arc, Raiders, is, blisteringly, aggressively archetypical. The extractionist extraction shooter that ever extracted is one. >> Just, what, a, way, to, just, make, yourself immediately come across as unlikable uh with your oh my gods type of language. It's the most extractory of extractor shooter that like ever extracted and stuff like I don't know like maybe >> one, of, the, least, surprising, games, I've ever played holding so much in common with its inspirations. They're almost comically indistinguishable. the previous person. >> Can, we, Can, we, just, go, Can, we, Jared,, can we just Sir can we just have a little lookie poo at your shooting here, sir? Right. It's not as if it's a million miles away. >> Inspirations., They're, all >> That, is, the, most, uh, mainstream, gamer review bit of footage that I've ever mainstreamed gamer review scene since the last time that a mainstream gamer reviewer did it. Oh my god. These are any of them actually any good at video games? Cuz I really I really don't think so at all. This is a game so unabashedly tied to its progenitors that the hero's default melee weapon is a pickaxe, the same weapon Fortnite Metverse heroes dropping off of battle buses log into combat. God dear, imagine making a comparison between Arc Raiders and Fortnite, two very different games. One's an extraction shooter, one's a battle royale. Purely on the basis that the default weapon on both games is a pickaxesque tool. Even though it makes perfect sense for it to be that in Arc Raiders because of the breaching element when you're breaching through doors or you're breaching through panels to loot behind them. But because they are both pickaxesque items, well, it must be homagging Fortnite, guys. It must be pushing that. Oh my god. Oh las as the French would say. >> There's, very, little, that, feels, truly original, but the components bolted together from other successful live service games. Click predictable. >> Stop., Sir., Sir., Sir,, can, we, go, back, to your shooting again, sir? >> Components, bolted, together, from, other successful launch. >> It's, It's, not, even, moving., It's, a stationary Is it stationary turret? And uh he just can't seem to aim for [ __ ] Uh but don't worry, guys. He's gonna he's gonna tell you exactly why this game's good and bad. I'm actually going to move myself into this top corner because I want you to pay close attention to what's going on in the squads and the solos that he does because there's going to become a reoccurring theme with how this guy plays the game or or doesn't. >> The, first, are, the, ark, AI, controlled battle robots that wander the map searching for any sign of organic life. >> Now,, if, you, have, a, look, here,, you'll, see that uh he doesn't have any shields on at all. And I I would love very much to give him the benefit of the doubt. I wouldn't I couldn't give two shits. Uh but this is this is the reoccurring theme. The guy doesn't seem to understand or know how to use a load out or shields. But maybe his teammates will tell him later on when he actually gets into group play because I legitimately think that is actually the case. When he's in a group, he eventually has shields on. when he's solo, he barely has a shield on. So, I think he did all the recording solo, then got into a group and his mates told him, "You need to put a load out and shields on, dude." And they went, "Oh I wondered why I was getting killed so easily." >> The, arc, are, no, trifling, threat., Even, the smallest bots can prove surprisingly dangerous especially [Music] [Laughter] Even the smallest of bots can prove to be a threat, especially in numbers. Well, it doesn't help when you're trying to melee the one that has a flamethrower built in and is currently roasting you alive as you're swinging your Fortnite pickaxe at it trying to melee it. Fella do do you know how to play a game? Does your brain compute about ranges and whatever? >> The, little, spiderlike, scurriers, are downright upsetting for an arachnophobe like me. >> Oh,, get, over. >> Crawlers, do, not, mess, around., Ar, wander the map listening to the sounds of >> again. Again. What are you doing? You've got a leaper here and you are trying to get up close and personal with a stitcher which has light ammunition and you're trying to shoot it down and they're like, "Whoa, these guys are a little bit tough." No [ __ ] >> Arc, wander, the, map, listening, for, the sounds of search or battle and swarm right here. >> Look,, this, is, another, case, of, this, guy's an absolute rampton. Number one, again no shields whatsoever on his character. Number two, if we just go back slightly there's a turret on the top here, and he's literally walked past this turret. He has not seen this turret. Now, from this little bit of footage, you could say maybe he came up a staircase. Now there's there's a bit of footage later on which shows him walking right past it complete and utterly situationally unaware that this big turret is there and then it turns starts shooting it then only then he turns around. And when you are meant to be the the voice which is telling other people why a game is good and why a game isn't good or why it's worth playing or worth avoiding and you yourself can't even [ __ ] play a video game then you are not qualified to even touch anything whatsoever probably apart from yourself late at night. The ark are especially dangerous in numbers and there are plenty of subtle little traps set where clusters of different ark with complimentary abilities are placed near one another. Sometimes hidden in indoor areas where one can literally trip into. >> What, is, this? >> I, meant, my, favorite., I, got, over >> absolute, monumental, bit, of, backpedaling again. No shields whatsoever. He's got his pickaxe out. Doesn't even have a weapon out. Does he even have a weapon? Does he even know how to use a gun? Probably not. He's probably against the Second Amendment, even in video games. >> You're, springy, and, difficult, to, control. Assault rifle steady and heavy. >> No., No., The, It's, not, springy, and difficult to control. You're just a goddamn terrible aim. That's what. And also the likelihood is that your sensitivity is way too high for somebody like you who probably needs it exceedingly low so you can focus it on something cuz you clearly do not have the reactions to deal with a moving object. Hell, you couldn't even deal with a stationary object. >> Assault, rifles, steady, and, heavy., Sniper rifles punch like artillery. >> Playing, in, team >> sniper, rifles, punch, like, artillery., And instead of showing an example of me blowing a wasp or a hornet uh or a snitch out of the sky with one, what I'm going to do is I'm going to shoot a shot into a leaper that's not even going to flinch. That'll show it. I I despair, sir. I despair. >> You, and, your, companions, can, search, and cover for each other. Now that he's gone into a group of three, he's actually got a shield active. What a surprise. Did Did somebody tell you stop being a [ __ ] idiot and put a shield on? Do you know how to use a load out? >> The, environments, are, passable, with, usual collection of rusty warehouses abandoned apartment buildings, and over >> environments, are, passable., The environments are brilliant. They're gorgeous. They look fantastic. Now whereas that can be more of a subjective opinion passable. [ __ ] hell. Your game play is far from passable sunshine. >> Everything, is, serviceable,, but, it, all kind of feels like they gave Fortnite a code of Day-Z grime and moved on. >> What? What is this guy talking about? What is this fetish that he has to try and link it together with Fortnite because they both got pickaxes? It's like they gave Fortnite a Daisy Grime. No, it doesn't. Nothing of the sort whatsoever. What the [ __ ] are you talking about? I don't know if the guy's even played Fortnite or Daisy. Maybe maybe a couple of games of Fortnite. Daisy, probably not. >> Arc, Raiders, is, meatloaf, without, much plate presentation. But the meatloaf is tasty, if a little cold. Every You wanted to show that footage off again? You wanted to show the footage of you absolutely shooting all around the stationary turret every Jeez, you're meatloaf, mate. You're the meatiest of meatloafs that ever meatloafed in a meatloaf. Oh my god. A single special pocket in your inventory allows you to keep one discovered item safe, even in the event of your death so that you can haul your rarest finds home even when you die. Well, you can see from the way that he showed off uh three safe pockets and then said that you can keep one showed exactly when he was actually recording the voice over versus when somebody actually discovered it in the game. The safe pockets are based on the augment that you use in your load out. So, it could be one, it could be two, it could be three in this case, but the person that was doing the review or preview here, uh, I hadn't even bothered to look into any of that and so just recorded when he only had the one slot. GG. A single special pocket in your inventory allows you to keep one discovered item safe, even in the event of your death so that you can haul your rarest finds home even when you Oh. I'm pretty sure that he's not trying to show an example of death. I'm pretty sure this is just his his gameplay that they spliced together. Absolutely useless. Some contenders take time to open and generate quite a bit of noise when manipulated, which is delightful tension raising mechanic that I really appreciated. Opening one of these was especially harrowing when playing solo. You can really feel the vulnerability with your camera locked forward, not knowing what. >> Right., So,, he's, trying, to, say, that, when you breach something, it makes a noise. And because it makes a noise, there's a vulnerability there because an ark could come in, another player could hear you and they could come in and engage in some PvP. Uh, so I'm going to show the example of the tutorial where there are none to do either. [Music] [Laughter] I guess you were just just desperate to get some footage out, eh? Doesn't matter if it corresponded to anything that you were talking about. [ __ ] hell. >> There's, also, some, part, of, crafting, that involves a live rooster. I never figured that part out. As you explore the world above, you can never figured it out. It involved a rooster. I never figured it out. There is a huge yellow bar there that says claim claim collection box loot available. Claim claim. What would happen if I press the button that says claim? What does this hieroglyphics mean? Does this translate into something which I will be able to comprehend? this claim word. I couldn't figure it out. Do you know something, Jared? I believe you. I believe that you couldn't. You're that [ __ ] useless. >> Our, graders, preview, is, pretty, well. Perhaps because it's design conservatism makes it so instantly familiar. There's nothing here to change. Sometimes that's okay. >> This, is, the, footage. This is the footage now. Jared, you can you can shut your bloody coco now while while we go through this. And I'm just going to shift myself into the other corner so we can see this in all its glory. Here. So, he's going to go onto the rooftop. There we can see an absolute mile away the turret. An absolute mile away the turret. Here. Here he is. Here's the turret paying absolutely no attention whatsoever. Oh. Oh. Oh. Then he will engage. Situational awareness minus five stars. Thank you, Jared. I think we've seen absolutely enough of that for one lifetime. Isn't it amazing the state of mainstream gaming media when the people that they send to tell you, the potential customer, whether or not you should fork over your hard-earned cash for a game. They can't even play the damn video games in the first place. And I'm not professing to be the the greatest gamer of all time, but holy [ __ ] compared to Jared, I feel like I should be in some sort of FaZe Clan or something. And it also seems very suspect and suspicious at times that when gamers start to gravitate towards a game like they have with Ark Raiders that the mainstream gaming media seem to turn on that game and want to tear it down. And just one thing before I go both IGN and Eurogamer gave Concord a game that barely lasted two weeks before being shut down a better score than Arc Raiders, which is currently being absolutely played to death and loved by gamers out there. Huh. Weird, huh? I'll see you in the next video. You take care. Goodbye. Blue. [Music]