Greetings, Culturions, and welcome back to 
the channel. We have got to talk one more   time about one battle after another and the whiny 
little actor that just can't accept the fact that   nobody wants to see him anymore. That's right. 
Leonardo DiCaprio is out there wondering if uh   the appetite for cinema is still there. He's 
saying it remains to be seen and I think you   need to be able to make something that people want 
to see before you can even answer that question.   And unfortunately, the main article we're going 
to be pulling from today is from Deadline with   essentially a sickant for DiCaprio 
Glenn Garner writing it. So, here we go. Look, DiCaprio is not alone whining about the 
fact that they can't bring anybody to the movie   theater, but his wines are particularly loud 
because there are still a few people out there   that think he has something worth saying or 
at least worth paying attention to. But he is   wondering if people still have the appetite for 
movie theaters. And he really apparently wasn't   paying attention to the successful films. this 
year. One of them being Minecraft and another   of them while being Wicked, uh, Wicked for Good. 
Also, Zootopia 2 and a few other mixed in there.   He just he doesn't seem to understand that it's 
him and anything he's in and the choices he's   making that may have a larger part to do 
with the fact that nobody's going to see   his movies and that what he is making, what he 
chooses to be a part of are flops. And those   are basically his own choices. Now, this article, 
as I said, from Glenn Garner is a sycopant piece,   a puff piece for this particular guy who 
seems to be an Oscar favorite this year.   And if it does win an Oscar, it just tells 
you how invalid the Oscars are these days,   cuz it certainly wasn't because of his acting 
performance or the film's quality or performance,   cuz none of those things were there. But ever 
the box office draw according to Glenn Leonard   DiCaprio, Leonardo DiCaprio is concerned for 
the future of movie theaters amid the latest   studio shakeups and probably just how massively 
his movie flopped. You see, the Oscar winner   recently commented on the state of cinema as 
he wondered if people still have the appetite   to see movies on the big screen or if the venues 
will go the way of jazz bars. and other cultural   rarities. Cultural rarities. I'm sure there's 
still places where you can go and listen to good   jazz. I happen to know a few piano bars that still 
exist. There's a actually a lot of venues that you   can go and see small music acts perform around the 
country. So, he doesn't need to worry about this.   He needs to worry about the family theaters and 
the regional theaters going out of business,   which means if he's genuinely worried, he needs 
to stop taking such a big salary and allow films   to maybe earn some money for a change. He says 
that it's changing at a lightning speed. We're   looking at a huge transition. He explained that to 
the Times during this particular interview. First,   documentaries disappeared from cinemas. Now, 
dramas only get finite time and people wait   to see it on streamers. I don't know. Do people 
still have the appetite or will cinemas become   silos just like jazz bars? Here's the problem. 
This is a very myopic view and it's from somebody   who should know better. He just clearly doesn't. 
DiCaprio added to this particular statement the   following. I just hope enough people who are real 
visionaries get opportunities to do unique things   in the future that are seen in the cinemas, but 
that remains to be seen. Well, again, it comes   down to people like you taking less money than 
Max salary and, you know, allowing for the film to   maybe be profitable because the only question is 
about whether or not things make money these days,   which also means they have to be palatable and 
interesting to the audience, which I'm going   to tell you, one temper tantrum after another 
was like watching a love letter to Auntie FA.   A and people are just plain tired of that. 
They're tired of hectoring, lecturing garbage,   which is essentially what this film was. These 
comments come right after that latest film that   was Paul Thomas Anderson's failure, one battle 
after another, which grossed more than 205 million   worldwide. No, it grossed exactly 205 million 
worldwide and ended up being a flop. and it lost   over 100 million. We'll get to that in a moment. 
But when you look at the totals, it's 205,136,000. So, while technically not inaccurate, Deadline 
was trying to stretch your imagination,   making you think that while it did better 
than 205 million, and while technically true,   not by very much, and likely, not in a way that 
essentially supports this narrative. Domestically,   we didn't want to see this lecture. We only 
spent $71 million on it in the United States.   And it was a drama drama supposedly and 
not just a fantasy film that, you know,   wet the appetites of all the super lefties out 
there, which is really who this film was made for.   Paul Thomas Anderson gets it wrong again. And 
I think he's going to start having to learn   the lesson that you have to make films people 
want to see. You see, one battle after another   according to Variety not that long ago, 
a few weeks ago, saying projected to lose   $100 million theatrically. Smashing Machine and 
many others struggle due to oversized budgets,   which is 100% accurate. They spend too much 
money on actors who are not going to bring in   the crowds they used to. There is no such thing 
as star power anymore, especially associated with   this guy and maybe even The Rock as well. But this 
film costs too much money. Every Monday morning,   Virginia based cinema owner Mark Omira, who we've 
heard from before, pours over grosses to see how   the newest releases are playing in his area. Last 
weekend, which was when this article was written,   that was a few weeks ago, didn't offer much to 
celebrate as some well-reed Oscar contenders like   this piece of garbage collapsed at the box office 
because nobody cares. Dwayne the Rock Johnson's   The Smashing Machine died pretty quickly, as did 
a newcomer film, Roofman, which nobody wanted nor   understood why Channing Tatum was falling in love 
with an old chick. And finally, one battle after   another, ate grass. It just absolutely tanked. 
And for the same reason we've talked about the   fact that nobody cares for lecturing hectoring 
films anymore. It's really that simple. DiCaprio   doesn't draw anybody anymore. It doesn't even 
bring the millennial chicks out of the woodwork   or even some Gen Xers who still think he's hot, 
which I don't understand. He never really had a   lot going on there. and his last performance 
in Wolf of Wall Street was not as interesting   as his co-stars, which is a real shame, but it 
kind of breaks down the movie into what it was,   an opportunity for guys to go full Gooner mode. 
And as it points out here in the article, the   remake of Kiss of the Spiderwoman fizzled entirely 
at 850,000 in well a number of theaters, just not   as many as Roofman. They are not making movies 
that are designed to be profitable, just ones that   are interesting to the studio. And the studios 
have had bad pickers for a long period of time.   the readers are taking over where producers 
should have paid more attention and you end   up with things being made that nobody cares. And 
with that, the final line from Leonardo DiCaprio   is it's going to be a fight. That's what he 
told Deadline last year as far as keeping movies   playing in theaters. I don't agree with him. I 
wonder if you do, and we'll talk about that in a   moment, but he says, "This year seems like one of 
the most lightning rod moments in cinema history.   We're up against it in the future of cinematic 
experience more than ever. I feel getting people   to come to the theaters seems like more and more 
of a challenge." He's not wrong, but most of   that is because he makes unwatchable garbage 
with lots of messaging that people are worn   out from. And with that, those are my thoughts. 
What are yours? Do you think Leonardo DiCaprio,   in addition to being overrated, is a little off 
his rocker here, thinking that people were going   to go and see this particular love letter to the 
Antifa crowd? Do you think that he has his finger   on the pulse of what's hip and positive right 
now? Or do you think he's entirely out of touch?   Let me know your thoughts down in the comments 
section below. And as always, be sure to take   care of yourself, take care of others, and until 
next time, see you. Just not in a message movie.