On our last episode of What's Up with These Crazyes, >> you asked a question, she answered. Have a great day. Have a great day. The door is right there. Have a great day. >> How embarrassing. >> What's going on everyone? Jeremy here from the Quing. Hope had an absolutely wonderful, wonderful day. We've got an update to a hilarious backfire that happened yesterday. As not just do we have the firings of two fast food employees that claim that their manager would agree with them when they refuse service for to someone for wearing a Trump hoodie. But now a whole slew of other woke owners inside of this Smoothie King empire are getting outed and the company is responding by literally cutting them all off. This is the correct response. Look, you sell smoothies. I don't care if someone's coming in wearing a Biden sweatshirt or a Trump sweatshirt or whatever. None of it matters. I mean, this type of behavior is literally why I started coffee brand coffee. Like, it was like I thought all the all the like conservative coffee companies were cringe. I just thought why why does everything have to be politicized and um it's just you sell a product, you need to make money. But uh let's look at how this thing is spiraling now out of control because it is absolutely positively hilarious. By the way, if you do want to check out my coffee, Mother's Day is coming up. Also, just a great day to try it out. If you just go to CBC Amazon.com, so charlie bravo charlieamaz amazon.com, all one word, it takes you directly to our entire lineup, which is all available free overnight shipping. We uh can't keep the five pounders in stock. So, we've got more on the way now, but uh we try to keep as low stock as possible so that we have, you know, it stays fresh. So, it's always kind of a game, but there's uh everything's basically there. So, CBC Amazon.com would be great. So, this video obviously came out yesterday. Refusing service to Trumpies gone wrong. I'll just show a little bit of it because most of you saw it yesterday. >> Yeah. like we don't we don't support that. Our company's not about that. >> Our company >> we're not really comfortable with that. >> Okay. Well, you can have a great day because we have the right to refuse service. So, >> okay. So, you're discriminating, right? >> So, we're just >> you're getting loud, sir. Like, >> okay. Thanks, buddy. >> No, we're not we're not serving Trump supporters. You have a great day. >> You have a great day. >> We're not serving Trump supporters. Is this the 2016 election? Is this the 2020 election? Is this 2021? What is even going on? Like, what is even going on with these people? I I don't understand. Um, Trump supporters, I mean, look, Trump's got three years left in office, God willing, and uh that's about it. Imagine still having this level of Trump derangement syndrome. Well, what had happened then is now Smoothie King has issued a statement. As a brand, Smoothie King is committed to ensuring our stores are a place free of discrimination of any kind where every guest and team member is treated with care and respect. Following an investigation into an incident involving a guest who was refused service at a franchise location in Michigan yesterday, the franchise owner has taken immediate action and the two employees involved are no longer with the business. Now, in that initial video, in that initial video, you could hear both these girls say, "Oh, yeah, you could ask my manager. My manager agrees with us. My manager, we can't, you know, this is our company. It isn't their company." Um, both the franchise owner and Smoothie King corporate have reached out to the guest several times to apologize and we continue to follow up. I'm not sure how they I guess they did upload the video, so that's probably how they found it. The local owner is also taking further action and enforcing mandatory retraining for all employees that outlines our guest experience standards. Somebody somebody got in trouble. They know just how bad these situations can spiral out of control and that's already begun. And we'll get into that. But let's let's look at the employee who was fired. Uh goes by Oni Chasco Oi. I don't know. Anime avatar massive beauty filters. She is now begging for money on Tik Tok after having her GoFundMe taken down, which is hilarious. This is I think look at all the Tik Toks she's posted. Here's the initial video that got 2.5 million views. Okay. >> Yeah. >> Oh my god. This is smoothie king. I love it. Same people who are okay with reserving uh with refusing service to gay people. By the way, she's cal and collected. The amount of times you had to repeat yourself. So, everybody cheering it on, right? Have a great day. Like, lau, you're so funny. Okay, that's how it started. All right. Um, and then she goes again, I might be cooked. Why does my job support Trump? Your do job doesn't support Trump. Your job supports providing customers. Like, I want liberal savannah coffee. It's good coffee. That's why I didn't call it stupid like liberal tears blend or or uh you know constitution blend or you know I just wanted to have a good product and um I've never been to Smoothie King but I can act you know maybe I guess I have unknowingly but I suppose that you know maybe I don't uh I I I don't boycott it now. Girl, we support you. Stand on what's right no matter what. Okay. Help. She says, "Help, help, help." >> But you guys need to go to her Facebook and get this video taken down. I am a minor and she recorded me without my permission. The people >> Yeah. And you recorded her without her permission, idiot. These people never understand the law. Then look at what's going on here. >> Been supporting me. Um, guys, we need to stand up. Like, it's a matter of good versus evil. It doesn't matter red versus blue, baby. None of that. It's good versus evil. Stand up for what's right. Stand up for what you believe in. stand up for something, baby. Do something. Okay. >> Yeah, you did do something and you got fired. But then, of course, she shares her GoFundMe. Please, my GoFundMe is temporarily on hold. Please donate to my Please donate to my Venmo. Well, some of the top comments say, "Unfortunately, I can't donate because I'm Republican. Uh, Tropical Smoothie is better anyway." Bruh, I donated $100, so hopefully you get it. I had to delete my GoFundMe because they mass reported. This is hilarious, dude. Not to mention just cost Smoothie King a few million dollars. Uh, I mean, everybody just haha. Well, well, well. Are you for real? I mean, everything. It's just even Venmo has shut her down. Now, >> I'm just going to explain what happened um yesterday at Smoothie King Ann Arbor. >> Please. It was really busy the whole day. It was just me and >> No, it wasn't. This the the Smoothie King was completely empty. we could all see the video. >> Other coworker um and basically this couple comes in in the midst of it being like super busy, so we could not attend. >> It wasn't super busy. >> It's just a lot. We see the video. The the store was completely empty except for those two customers. >> We're just like, "Hello, we'll be with you in a moment." And they're just giving us really weird looks and so like we're kind of looking at them back like, "What's going on?" And that's when we realized they're wearing Trump merch. And that's when my coworker said to me like that like this is making me uncomfortable. Like this is this >> none of this happened. It's all on video. none of this happened. She's just lying. >> Really? The day right after Black History Month. >> Oh. >> And um and that's when Thora asked us if there was an issue. And um that's when my coworker said like, "Yeah, we're uncomfortable because uh because of your sweater, of your husband's sweater, and she was taking a order on the headset for the drive-thru." And then so that's what I that's why I was doing most of the talking because, you know, she was attending to the customer. So that's like, "Yeah, like we are we are uncomfortable." And then that's when he he immediately gets loud. >> Never got loud. We've all seen the video, even the comments that he never got loud. Not a good enough reason not to serve. People are uncomfortable at every job. She goes, "Israel's the real issue. You got paid to do your job and abide by the rules and standards of your employer. You can't refuse service simply because you don't like what somebody's wearing." Again, people then pointing out as a brand Smoothie King. So, if we go here to the actual Smoothie King, so we've seen her crash out. She'll probably scam a few thousand bucks off Uh, you know, here she's like, "Oh, look. I'm on Twitter now. Oh, I'm on Twitter now. Follow me on Twitter. I have three followers." Okay. Um, you know, oh, ready for another day of evil adult ducking mega to hate on little old me. Well, boy, the the the the moment has passed, girl. You started with a video that got 2.5 million views. You spammed on a bunch of more views. You're back down to 9,000, which is still good. You know, I'm not gonna hate on 9,000 views. That's good. But Smoothie King officially has now confirmed that they've been fired. They also wrote, "Here, as a brand, we're committed to ensuring our stores, the local owners, taking further action." Well, let's see how this is going for them. Hey, Smoothie King, please look into this franchise in Forestville, Maryland. The owner apparently said he also wouldn't serve Trump supporters. This is starting to look like a trend in your company. And now that is going, you know, shake my head. Boycott that BS. It's all in deep blue area. Hi Smoothie King. Please look into this franchise in Forestville, Maryland. The owner apparently said he won't serve Trump supporters. This is starting to look like a trend in your company. Looks like a horrible location to go to. 6 minutes ago. One star. Horrible place. Do not go. One star. The staff seemed like they dislike their job. I'll go other places. One star. Service was terrible. I was not greeted and tear treated like a burden for just wanting to place an order. One star. I was verbally abused by the staff. Do not give these people your business. That's a local guide by the way. What? Here's one from two hours ago. Food. One star. Uh, and then uhoh, the owner of that smoothie king has now gone into hiding and gone protected. This is what you know people, you're a professional narc account getting people fired. Sure. Sure. This is this is the way, you know. This is the way. I'm not saying Lal the Queen is now on Twitter and in the unemployment line. I mean, I It's such a weird thing to let this stuff like to go through life go through every, you know, interaction in life worried about who somebody else voted for. Like, it's such a bizarre thing to even consider. I never think about that. I guess maybe if I see somebody with like brightly colored hair and the septum piercing, I'm like, "Oh, there's some dumb lib." But even that isn't always correct. So, I mean, it is so weird that these lunatics live life this way. But, uh, here you go. Meet Travis Laflur. In a now deleted tweet, he commented about the couple who refused service due to the husband wearing a Trump hoodie, saying that he owns a smoothie king and he'd do the same, meaning he would also deny service. He is now in hiding. Almost certainly going to be fired. So glad you sign it with him and not your employees. Okay. So, he had a meth charge. Not great, but that does not matter. That does not matter. Uh, you know, all this stuff, you know, great. Now, what about the owner part of the Smoothie King? Can't be tolerated. He's gone, too. Love to see it. They also, by the way, have DEI policies at Smoothie King. So, if you're thinking about supporting them for this, I'd highly recommend holding off until they remove those policies as well. Everything's spiraling out of control, and I'd love to see it. Hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, make sure you leave a like on it. If you have yet, please subscribe or follow down below. We'll talk to you again real soon.