You know, it's pretty bad when Variety is calling out Steven Cobear for overstaying his welcome, for saying that his goodbye went from being the resistance, the political resistance to being an ego trip for Steven Colbear. And it is um kind of embarrassing to watch some of these clips. Steven Cobear is of course leaving. His contract is not being renewed by CBS. And I don't think he wants to stay anyway because he's not allowed to spout off uh you know about his political opinions on the network. I'm sure this guy will wind up someplace else pretty damn quick. I mean, everybody's like, "Stephen Cobber is going away forever." No, he's not. Uh he'll probably not be at CBS anymore, but I'm sure he'll go to another streaming service like Netflix or he'll wind up with a podcast deal. Like Steven Cobar is not going anywhere. This guy knows he's not going anywhere. Just whatever. He's just he's ending his CBS show. See also Conan O'Brien. See also he probably will wind up I'm calling it now. I think he's going to wind up on Conan O'Brien's podcast network and I think he'll actually do pretty well over there. But uh Variety Variety and this is this is a very pro Steven Colbear outlet is saying that uh his message has gone from resistance. Of course they tried to say that Trump got them cancelled. That's not actually what happened. Uh, low ratings and big budgets got them cancelled. Just being very political threw some kerosene on the fire made it a lot easier, the decision a lot easier, right? Um, but they said it's become an ego trip. Now, it's actually painful to watch the goodbye. And the way that they're sending this guy off, I mean, they're treating him like Johnny Carson. And Johnny Carson was on for decades, decades, and decades. and he was an institution. Colob Bear is not an institution. I'm sorry. You could like Co Bear. He's all right. You know, I used to watch him, but I just he's gotten more and more political. Actually, what what did it for me was that vaccine dance. I'm like, this is the most cringe thing I think. I mean, this is awful. I'm out. I'm not even going to give the guy a chance anymore. Like, I can't watch this crap. So, let's uh talk about this before we get into it any further. Please subscribe for more pop culture news, views, and rants, guys. Uh, yeah, Variety, Steven Coar's long late show Goodbye has gone from resistance to ego trip. So, earlier this week, John Lithgow appeared on the Late Show with Steven Coar and did something that guests on the show have been doing a lot lately. He paid extensive tribute to the host. Uh, Lithgal was so troubled by the idea that Colbear is leaving CBS after 10 years. May again, Johnny Carson. Decades plural. decades American institution. So yeah, it's it's fair that they pay tribute to Johnny Carson. The cancellation that has the appearance of Paramount's new leadership trying to curry favor with the Trump administration. Again, not exactly what happened. Uh he wrote a poem entitled The Mighty Cob Bear and he honored these sublime masterworks that are Cobar's monologues that, you know, he totally writes himself. Let's um let's go out and see this uh tribute to Colar. Hopefully we don't get dinged for this, but um here's John Lithggo uh paying tribute to Steven Cobear. And this is what apparently irritated Variety enough to write this article. It's called The Mighty Cob Bear. >> The Mighty Cobear. Oh yeah, I know. The time has arrived for us all to prepare for the doleeful departure of Steven Colbear. How will we last in the gaping black hole that's left in the absence of this merry soul? >> Mary. Okay. All right. All right. For a decade of late night and nine years before of satirical japes on the Colbear report, we've been lavished with laughter for 20 straight years from the genius between Steven's two mismatched ears. Okay, that's funny. That's funny. Why does his exit stir up such despair? What mysterious magic imbuss late night's air? >> He's going to go get a podcast deal and make money out the derriè. I wouldn't I wouldn't worry about it. He's going to make a lot more money. I think >> Steven's wit is the source of his lunatic art. His intelligence, wisdom, compassion, and heart. These are the virtues that bring out the best in even his gravest, most humorless guest. >> Have Trump on. Have Trump on. >> His monologues though with their slap happy quirks have clearly been Steven's. >> How long is master works? >> How long is this? >> Each one is a targeted rotten tomato bookended by music from Batist and Kato. Okay. All right. Oh, no. Here. Why is he canceled? Why is he cancelled? Okay. So, why is he cancelled? Why trash all that pleasure? Why yank off the air this beloved national treasure? Beloved national. If he was a beloved national treasure, Mr. Lithco, though due respect, his ratings would be a hell of a lot better. This guy's not Johnny Carson. I'm sorry. >> Steven's tale is a lesson for all who come after. Beware of a boss with thin skin and no laughter. >> But don't mourn for Steven. He's going to be fine. He'll only get better. like aging fine wine with a talent so rich and discernment so rare. There's much more to come from the mighty coal bear. Yeah, they all know this guy's getting a podcast deal. He's getting a podcast deal. He's going to probably make more money than he was making he was making at CBS. But it's it's pretty wild to actually see um variety to actually see Variety being like, "Yeah, this is uh this is a little too much, right?" They said, "By this point in his lame duck tenure, hold on, I can't get past the ads on Variety." Cobar is likely accustomed to endless fawning from his guest B. Midler, who performed on Johnny Carson's final episode, saying a satirical rewrite of Wind Beneath My Wings, which I believe she sang for Johnny Carson, too. In tribute with Co Bear rhyming, "You stand for what's right with wit and class and you never kiss the orange ass." Drew Barrymore restaged her famous strip tease on Letterman's iteration of the late show. This time whipping off a blazer to reveal a shirt emlazed with wee heart Steven. Uh unfortunately both Midler and Barry Moore coming up with new versions of their legendary late night moments only reminds the viewer how much more juice the format used to have. Ouch. Ouch. Yeah. So, they're doing the same shticks that they did for Letterman and Carson, but it's like it's a watered down version of it. Kind of like I mean, I'm not trying to, you know, throw [ __ ] I like Elton John. I'm not trying to throw [ __ ] at Elton John, but when Princess Diana died, he like repurposed a song for her. It's like, okay, I got to come up with a new song. I can't do that. Um, Jimmy Fallon covered Frank Sinatra's My Way with new lyrics about My Way. Oh my god, you did it. your way. Uh Cobar's removal from the air, oh my gosh, the ads. Cobar's removal from the air when it was announced last July was legit seismic news for the industry and for an audience who saw him as a crucial vote for the anti-Trump resistance since the 2016 election. The timing of the news though meant Colar had an entire final season to play out with all parties from writers and producers to host and guest knowing that the end was near. Um, this differentiates it from the brief period when the Tonight Show host Con O'Brien's job was in limbo during the O'Brien Jay Leno succession crisis. Then the precariousness and uncertainty of the situation gave the show incredible tension and voltage. We know how that ended up, but Conan's doing fine. Jay's doing fine. They're both doing fine. Again, Conan has a podcast network. I am I would be very surprised if Coar did not wind up on his podcast or on Netflix. What ended up making it to air has been increasingly puffy tribute to the show's own host. The endless bouquets being tossed Colbert's way, having started to make the studio smell a bit cloying. Granted, these are Co Bear's guests having an emotional response to a host they liked being removed from air and what seems to be an unfair way. In an unfair way, proved uh to prove new Paramounts I can't get past these ads. these Paramount CEO David Ellison's Trumpiest bonafidees sky dance Paramount's merger reminds one of how many other institutions are caving right now but they're even saying like look we don't agree with him being taken off the air but what the hell this is this is overthe-top this tone necessarily comes from the top guests generally don't just show up on talks uh talk shows and spontaneously do whatever they want their appearances are choreographed in concert with the show's production team and the pre-in might a producer might have gently guided Lithgal away from creating the spect techical forcing Cobar to sit and smile while being called a national treasure given that he's already been tributed several times already. Watching the show, one doesn't get the sense Coar really minds. Yes, in a small revealing moment in his interview of Jimmy Kimmel, another host who faced blowback and career consequences. Cobar asked who Kimmel heard from when news of his being pulled from the air broke before waiting for Kimmel's answer. Cobar enthusiastically volunteered that he himself upon his cancellation received texts from James Taylor George RR Martin. His anger with CBS which emerged during the strange incident of the Texas Senate candidates James Telerico's interview being pulled from the air is at least more interesting than his ever growing awareness of how many of his fellow celebrities love him. And that is actually the worst thing to if you're if you're a a host, a talk show host to be very aware of how important you think you are because Hollywood loves this guy, right? They love going No, let me strike that. They don't love this guy. They love his platform. They love going on his show to promote their [ __ ] right? Uh, I will in defense of, you know, some of these guys, uh, Jimmy Fallon doesn't seem like he's up his own ass as much as Kimmel and Coar, but I think I think the general public is getting sick of it. I think this is a big reason why Late Night is dying. They're like, "Yeah, you really do love the attention." The cause of standing up for a comedian who may have been tossed aside for angering the regime is getting tied up in honoring Coar, the celebrity, and it's starting to feel wearing. Coar deserve better treatment from CBS. Watching one person beam while receiving Laurel after laurel doesn't make the argument for his show's relevance as it's frankly not very good TV and for this relent relentlessly political host not in touch with the concerns of people have been uh turning to the late show for its political perspective. Finally, there's the sheer pragmatic angle. Coar will have a next act at some future point. Yeah, I guarantee the guy's going to he's Netflix or a podcast. He's He's actually probably going to make more money. I I'm If I'm being honest here, he's going to make more money. For those who uh think he's too toxic for any corporation that may have business before Trump's Department of Justice to touch, well, presidential terms last four years, we've already made it through one. Coar is only in his early 60s. When that day comes, won't it feel like an anti-limax after we've already spent the better part of a year celebrating him? That is crazy. to have variety be like, would you stop sucking on Col Bear already? Is the complaint that Colbear has become too insufferable for his own small resistance audience? This reads like an op-ed. This column was more insufferable than Co Bear. Hard disagree. Garbage journalism. Slow news day. You sound like you're stuck in some 1940s wartime espionage thriller with Joan Crawford. What the [ __ ] is this? A joke article. Terrible article. Carrying water for fascists. He's selling for water for chocolate. Carrying water for fascists. He earned the right to do so. No, he was only on for 10. He was on 10 years before that. Uh, yeah. Comedy Central. It's like, look, he's going to go do something else. This is just the end of his CBS thing. Danny don't get it. Or he has an agenda that says way more about him than the topic he discusses. He suggests steering Lithg away from what he wants to sincerely articulate. Wow. He just he don't get it. What a puke. He's still around. When will we be gone for good? Don't watch. A few million of us think the tributes are welld deserved. Perhaps Fox News and Newsmax are more to your liking. So, you can't even say, and again, this is variety. You can't even say uh this is kind of ridiculous the the amount of tributes that Steven Cobar is getting without them accusing you of being a fascist or something. You know what I'm saying? Like this is ridiculous. So this guy's actually Variety's chief correspondent said about Shawn Penn, The View, um Savannah Guthrie. Everybody's talking about Savannah Guthrie. So yeah, I mean this guy, yeah, this isn't like he's got some agenda. He's just like, "Hey, it's kind of weird to see them, you know, basically fell uh uh Steven Cobear on air uh repeatedly when we know damn well he's going to go do something else after this." I'm just saying. It's kind of like like comic books. They cancel comic series. You're like, "Oh yeah, they're going to reboot it next month, so what's the big deal?" like, "Oh my god, it's the last issue of Spider-Man, guys. Last issue. Better buy it." Oh, next month we got all new Spider-Man number one. You know, it's that's that's basically what it is. I'm going to wrap it up. Please subscribe. and we'll talk later.