All right, folks. Should we get into the communist leaders tier list? What's your opinion on Obamaism, Bidenism? It's called neoliberalism, and it needs to die. Tear list time. Let's go, baby. It's time. Your time is up. My time is now. You can't see me. My time is now. All right. Well, they started us off pretty basic here. This website doesn't allow me to use my ad blocker, by the way. Those bastards. U maybe I can zoom in here a little bit so you guys can see better. Uh it looks kind of bad. Either way, they have like all of the obvious ones here at the beginning or obvious if you're smart. Obviously, Karl Marx is S tier. Without him, we wouldn't have the science of Marxism or it would have taken many more years for the science of Marxism to come about. He was a man who fully dedicated himself to being an intellectual weapon on the side of the working class. He wasn't someone who wrote um to sound smart or to elevate himself in his career or to elevate himself in bourgeoa academia. He was someone who wrote to be understood by the workers. And he said, you know, theory um becomes a material force once it's grasped by the workers and once they can use that theory and that understanding of the system that they are operating within um in order to advance the class struggle and advance political um struggle in their own interests. So basically at the time there was all this I won't go too much into it because obviously I could talk about Marx forever but at the time there were all these utopian socialists these people who recognized the delletterious effects that capitalism had on society and on the working class and they were saying we need a new system we need socialism but they were all utopians right they thought that we could bring about some magical system tomorrow that fixes all of the problems within capitalism but what marks understood is that modes of production don't change into other modes of production overnight. Historically, modes of production are always shifting and changing into new ones, but it happens through struggle between diametrically opposed economic classes over long periods of time. And this is exacerbated by the development of the means of production, which capitalism develops the means of production very quickly, creating the conditions for the possibility of socialism. So Markx also said, you know, capitalism, we're against it, yes, but it has its place in history. Its role in history is to increase the productive forces so that socialism can be a possibility to proletarianize most of society so that there's a a class which diametrically opposes itself to the ruling class whose interests are diametrically opposed. So obviously Marx is S tier. I don't think that needs that much explanation. First time watching a tier list, lol. Yeah, I don't watch tier lists either. Um, I guess I've watched some MMA tier lists. Uh, the only one I've watched, I think, is Hazaldin's uh communist leaders tier list, which is a great video, by the way. Um, but yeah, whatever. You got to do the memes. Sometimes you got to do the trends. Friedrich Engles. Everything I said about Markx, ditto for Engles. The people who say that Marx was this ultra complex thinker and Engles was just this simpleton who couldn't actually understand Markx and who oversimplified Markx, that is hogwash. That is [ __ ] That is western Marxist CIA funded gobbledegook type stuff. Um Engles was absolutely essential to Marx. Without Markx or without Engles there is no Markx. It was Les who told Marks to first study political economy. Adam Smith, David Ricardo, the British political economist. Um, it was Engles who did the first dialectical materialist analysis of the working class in England, the state of the working class in England. It was Les who applied Marx's theory to the field of anthropology and to the field of science and chemistry and biology in a way that Markx couldn't because he was busy studying economics. Um, and uh, he also studied anthropology and Engles drew from Marx's notes heavily. And Engles was always clear that Marx was a much greater man than him. That's what he would say. But I think that he sells himself short. You know, I don't think Markx was that much of a greater thinker than Engles. I think they were a team and they played off of each other. Even if Markx was the leader, um, Engles was essential, not just in funding Marks and keeping him alive, but in the thinking process, the ideas All right, Vladimir Lenon, the only person in history who understood Marx as well as Engles did. Um, there's uh, and you know, get your mind out of the gutters when I give you this analogy, but the communist and Bkina Faso used to say that Marxism is the fist and Leninism is the movement of the fist that throws the punch, right? And don't make that dirty, okay? Don't be weird about it. It's a good analogy if you have your mind out of the gutters, if you're not pornled. Okay. But um Lenin was the first person to actually put Marxism into practice in a way that resulted in the a dictatorship of the proletariat, a worker state, a successful revolution that established a successful and longlasting state that served the interests of the working masses rather than the interests of the bgeoisi. the first one in history, the largest one in history, um, one that helped revolutionary movements all across the world and which saw itself as part of this global movement towards communism. Um, you know, it's impossible to overstate how important the October Revolution was to the history of of communist struggles and how much we have to learn from Vladimir Lenon. So, when it comes not only to theory, but putting that theory into practice, this man was the goat. and you need to read him in addition to Marks and Engles. Marks and Engles aren't enough. You need Lenin, too. That's how important he is. Another person who you need, maybe not as much as Lenin, but someone who also wrote a lot of theory about putting socialism into practice. Although some people like to say Stalin never wrote any new theory. What do you mean? He was building socialism. He was writing about how to collectivize the farming system and how to develop the industry and how to make socialism actually work in practice. What is that if not theory? Right? Theory is supposed to help us understand the material, the real. So in the process of building the Soviet Union, he was also developing the theory of Marxism. Just look at the inner party debates in the CPC, the Communist Party of China in the early years. They were constantly looking at what Stalin did and saying, "Okay, this is what worked and this is what didn't. Let's take what worked and leave behind what didn't and then adjust it for our own unique material conditions." Um, so he absolutely contributed to Marxist theory and of course led the world's first worker state, defeated the Nazis when every western military analyst thought that Russia was going to get rolled over by Germany. Industrialized his country faster than anyone had ever done before. It was at the time before China the fastest increase in life expectancy that had ever been seen in human history. Um, a true Chad in every way and someone who helped with the revolution itself who would rob banks on behalf of the Bolevik party. Just a a pure Chad. Maadong. So again, they're starting us off with all the best ones. Mao. Everything I said about these guys is true of Mao. actually everything I said about Lenin and Stalin when it comes to putting Marxism into practice, simplifying Marxism for the masses of his country and actually adding to the theory of Marxism, especially with his book on contradiction. Uh my favorite work from Mao is his uh pamphlet on physical education which talks about the need to work out and take care of your body. Um which is where he famously says civilize the mind and make savage the body which by the way my dad has his wrestling team saying that now by the way they're all saying civilize the mind makes savage the body and they love it. Um we'll see if they look up where it's actually from. All right. Well, they sure threw us for a loop with this one. They went from Markx Engle, Slenin, Stalin, Mao to Gonzalo. Yikes. I mean, obviously like the temptation, the obvious move is to put him in F tier, right? Oh, they boiled babies. The Shining Path, awful. You know, all that stuff is true. Obviously, you know, propaganda exaggerates the crimes of of people like the Shining Path or groups like the Shining Path, but they were legitimately like trying to shoot peasants and workingclass people for not agreeing with their theory, right? rather than reaching out to the people and guiding their consciousness forward um and helping them to develop over time, which is how everybody develops and learns, they were trying to force the peasants into this like ultralleft mauist um political line through force and they committed like massacres and did a bunch of horrible stuff in order to do that. Um and it really it hurt the name of socialism and communism in Peru. That being said, if you read, you know, a random chairman Gonzalo quote, a lot of them are based, you know, the people who he was fighting against in Peru were really, really bad, evil USbacked imperialist reactionaries. Um, but also, you got to take into account the effect that he's had on the Western. Like, so many Western leftists run around holding up Gonzalo like he's literally in the S tier with Markx, Engles, Lenin, Stalin, and Mao. Like, he's the six head of Marxism. and they're just ultras. Um, so yeah, we'll put him in E. We'll leave him out of F because of the base things he said. Pavo Lenowski, thank you, comrade, for the 6uro super chat. Appreciate you, brother. I can't wait to go buy some schnitles with those euros. I don't know why I said schnitles. Um, it's a German thing, right? Either way, East Erns Thalman is one of my German heroes. Absolutely. Ernst Thalman was super based. You're probably better off studying Erns Thalman. This is controversial, but I like Rosa Luxembourg and Carl Lee Neck, but you're probably better off studying Thalman. Um, was held in solitary confinement forever by Hitler. Was brought out and executed, you know, as a way to intimidate the the German people and the German resistance. So, absolutely based leader who stood stood up to fascism at a time of absolute crisis. All right, Krue Jeb. Now, what did Kruev do that was good? Um, he was not a Western capitalist imperialist. He was better than like JFK, who's probably the best American president that we've had since Lincoln. He's better than any American president, I guess, since Lincoln. Um, that being said, when it comes to socialist leaders, he was awful. The decision to do the secret speech and fabricate all of this [ __ ] about Stalin because he was in a political battle with Stalin and wanted to consolidate his own power afterwards. I mean, what an opportunistic and slimy move that just [ __ ] socialism and socialists for years to come, especially us in the West, right? Because it was hard for the West to badmouth Stalin before that. He had beaten Hitler. He had revived their economy. He had done all these amazing things. There wasn't all this anti-Stalin, antis-siet propaganda during World War II because we were on the same side, more or less. Um, but then Kruev comes out with this secret speech and says, "Well, actually, Stalin's the worst dictator ever." And we know now since the Soviet archives have been opened up that a lot of these claims he made about Stalin, there's absolutely no evidence for. Um but he gave a total gift to the western propagandists. Look, socialism is evil. Their own leaders say it's evil. Their own leaders hate each other. Kruev said Stalin was an evil dictator and that socialism wasn't working because he was just eating all the food and killing everybody for his own purposes. So what a what a disgusting move. Um the Chinese call this national historical nihilism. It was a the secret speech was a big part of the Ceno Soviet split. Um and they've dubbed this national historical nihilism and they consider it to be a huge mistake. Um [ __ ] on your country's history and [ __ ] on the progress that your country has made in the past through struggle and [ __ ] on your country's heroes because they were flawed human beings like any human being. The Chinese absolutely reject that and it's one of the things that we've been working to reject in America where you have a lot of this, you know, flag burning and America is evil, stolen land needs to be bulcanized and destroyed. This is not the Marxist Leninist position. This is national historical nihilism. Um, and Kruev was like the progenitor of that. So he brev I think Brev was better. I don't know that much about this era. um of the USSR. When was he actually in power? I know a lot more about China and other socialist experiments than I do actually about the Soviet Union outside of the revolutionary era. Um but I'm pretty sure this era of Soviet history like there was a ton of damage that had already been done by Kruev. I think a lot of the Soviets issues that led to the collapse were um sewed, those seeds were sewed under Kruev and Brev was trying to recover from that. Um but it was a very prosperous era for the Soviet Union. People lived quite well. Um he had the industrialization that had already been laid by Stalin, so they didn't have to work super hard to industrialize and they didn't have the Nazis breathing down their throats. So they were able to achieve a lot of prosperity. This was the point in the Soviet Union where people were eating more calories than Americans but more healthy food where everybody had like a condo um and tons of vacation time um you know universal daycare, universal healthcare, universal housing, all these things were achieved. Um so I don't have that negative of a view of him. I'm sure mistakes were made but um we'll put him in C. Brev Dtier. I mean, I'm sure you guys know more about him and the bad things that he did, um, the mistakes that he made, but wasn't he also the leader during the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, which was based and would have saved Afghanistan if they were successful. I don't know. S tier eyebrows failed to till the soil. He just needed Lysenko as an adviser. Gorb, this is not a communist. This man is not a communist. This man is ranked like second in Watch Mojo's histo communist leaders. He is a capitalist. He brought capitalism back to the USSR. He did a commercial inside of a Pizza Hut where he was shoving pizza down his fat face to sell consumerism and capitalism to the Soviet people before he sent millions of them into extreme poverty and caused over a million people to die because all their socialist protections went away and they were faced with the rugged realities of capitalism which was instituted on them through force and through western um interventionism and western pillaging of Russian resources. This is the guy who auctioned off Russia's state-owned enterprises for pennies. Russia's nationalized worker-owned enterprises were auctioned off for pennies to American shareholders. That is not communism. That's not socialism. That is capitalism. And Gorbachev is a capitalist and a traitor to his own country. Um, and that's why he had like an 11% approval rating when he left. Yes, agree with everybody in the chat going off about uh about Cororb right now. Yuri Andropov, let me look up Andropov just to get uh refresh my brain on who he was. Uh he was the general secretary in the USSR, was a chairman of the KGB. I know he's like a famous figure. Um, but I don't know that much about him. Wasn't he the one before Gorb? Um, we'll skip Androp. I don't know enough. Constantine Chernenko. I don't know much about him either. I'm showing my my ignorance right now. Another general secretary of the Communist Party. Oh, he must have been there before Andropov maybe. Gotcha. Or Andropov was before him. Yeah, we'll save those leaders. Like I said, I don't know that much about that era of the Soviet Union. So, no investigation, no right to speak. And actually, I know I have comrades who are very close to me who could tell you all about that era of the USSR and who know it better than me. Um, so yeah, on another stream maybe Malanchov Molotov, we'll skip these guys. Just a bunch of people who were part of the USSR. Trosky again. Well, I don't know if you could say the same thing that you could say about Gorbachov that he wasn't a communist because like he did help lead the Red Army. He did shut down the Machnavites, the anarchist bandits who were, you know, raiding Soviet supply lines and terrorizing the peasant population in the name of anarchism and decentralized authority and all this [ __ ] Trosky was the one who shut them down, but he was always a worm. Um, he's often portrayed as Lenin's best friend, like in that Russian Revolution oversimplified video we debunked a while back. But in fact, Lenin thought he was always a worm. He said that Trosky would uh rather than taking a firm position on any of the major questions of Marxism, he would manage to worm his way in between both positions to try and appease everybody. Um he was afraid to stand on business. And in practice, he acted not even just as an a liberal or anti-communist, but as a fascist. He was leading the charge badmouthing the USSR in the same way that uh Kruev did with the secret speech at a time when the Nazis were trying to destroy the USSR. He was giving them propaganda gifts. When he was exiled from the USSR, he took a little stop in Italy, Bonito Mussolini's Italy, and rather than being killed for being a a member of the Red Army, he was welcomed and had a few meetings and just left. went on his way with no uh um no repercussions. And the we've been talking about the theoretical legacy of a lot of these leaders and the way that their um lives and theory and actions have affected the western left, the American left. And there is no leader who has [ __ ] the American left more than Leon Trosky. Because you can be a Troskyist and say, "I'm a socialist, but every time socialism's ever been tried in practice, it's failed. I'm a socialist, but socialism doesn't work in real life, except when I try it. Now, trust me to do it." Right? You can do that and still have a job in the American Academy. You can still have a nice job and call yourself a communist if you're a Troskyite and you condemn existing socialism. socialism when it's actually put into practice in real life. So, Trosky has created this vein of academia that the CIA has exploited um to no end. Um that allows for compatible leftism that allows for anti-communist communism which ultimately serves the ruling class while cloaking itself in red and a hammer and sickle. So, an incredibly bad effect that Trosky has had. And there's a reason that there is a Troskyite to neocon pipeline because even though Trosky called himself a communist and you know did things with the red army his positions as we said during World War II and after became aligned with the fascists. So a lot of people who were former Troskyites just ended up becoming neocons because it's not that far of a jump um to say you know the socialism in practice is bad and authoritarian and it's not right and not real socialism to saying well then we should get militarily involved and destroy these governments and overthrow them um the way that neocons believe and a lot of the original Congress for cultural freedom people who funded a lot of the fake left and the compatible left in the American academy. A lot of those people were either Trotites or former Trotites who became neocons. A ton of them. You would be surprised. Read Francis Stone Saunders book the cultural cold war. Um if you want to see more about the the neocon or the troski to neocon pipeline that um Jackson Hle got Alex Jones to talk about which is just hilarious. I love Jackson. Anyways, we're putting him an F. You're worse than Gonzalo Trosky. How's that feel? Spared love Zenovia. We don't need to talk about these people calling in. I want some people from other countries, not like, you know, all these Russian revolutionaries. Um, I want some more Bakunin. No, not Bakunin. Bukarin. Bukarin's He's Russian, too. But interesting figure. Um, actually did start out pretty good, I would say. um very interesting thinker, someone worth reading and then someone who ended up getting purged. But he, you know, Lero talks about this in his Stalin critique of a black legend. Bukarin was collaborating with anti-government forces that were plotting to overthrow the state at a time when they were under attack from the Nazis. So again, basically aligning himself with the Nazis, although he did contribute much more than Trosky did before that in in my view. So we'll give him a D. Oh, super chat here. Thank you, Pavle. Second six super chat from Pavle. Appreciate you, brother. We are a completely people'sfunded institute here at Midwestern MarkX and you can donate via super chat if you want me to read your question or your statement or patreon.com/midwesternarks where you'll get a bunch of um perks including exclusive content and Q&As with me and Carlos. But anyways, you know that Trosky's books were not banned in Nazi Germany and Italy. I mean, I'm not surprised it went right along with their narrative about communism. It's the same way he's not b it's the same reason he's praised in the protofascist United States because he goes right along with their pro-war capitalist imperialist or even fascistic narratives. I mean, not only is he not banned here, he's pushed here by the institutions of power. So yeah, Troskyism is very nefarious because there are Troskyites who give very good analysis of economics and politics and history. Um, but then they they snake you at the end at the last moment. They'll they'll try to take the movement in a reactionary direction at the most important times when the movement needs to go in in the the right direction. So, let's see here. Carl Ratic. I don't know much about him. I've heard of him. He was Polish. Yeah, I don't know too much. Rosa Luxembourg. Now, this is an interesting one. Rosa was German. She was killed by fry corpse who were um very right-wingleaning German military um personnel, many of whom ended up becoming the Nazis uh or SS soldiers um or many ended up joining the Nazi party or becoming SS soldiers. Um, and they were, this is a very interesting story because her and Carl Lee Neck, who was Engel's nephew, I believe, who was one of the leaders of the German Communist Party at the time, they were sold out by the Social Democrats. So, this is such a perfect microcosm of the role that social democrats play historically and the reason we call them social fascists, right? It was the fascists who actually did the violence against Lee Neck and Luxembourg, but it was the social democrats who sold them out to the fascists. So, they didn't actually commit the fascist violence. They didn't join in with the fascist gangs, but they collaborated with them in order to screw over the communists and the Marxist Leninists. Um so great I mean really tragic story but a microcosm of the role that social democracy plays on a macro scale. Um as far as Luxembourg's theory, the accumulation of capital is interesting. I don't know if I necessarily agree with her conclusions in that book um or her reasons for writing that book, but it's an interesting book reading about how capital accumulates and she makes a slight critique of Markx or an analysis of Markx and how he says that capital accumulates. Um, it's an interesting read. I don't know if she's right. Um, I would have to go back and read it again, but um, obviously was a good leader. Um, made a lot of mistakes though. Her pmics with Lenin. Um, I side with Lenin in all of them. Uh, she was really focused on spontaneity. Um, rather than, you know, over organized discipline and stuff like that. Um, she emphasized spontaneity. And it's not like Lenin ignored spontaneity, right? He has that famous quote, there are decades when weeks happen and weeks where decades happen. Um, you know, things are spontaneous and random. Um, but you know, we don't need to worry about that so much. We need to seize the opportunities when they come. But luck is when preparation meets opportunity, right? You can't have spontaneity if you don't have disciplined organization day by day. If you're not ready to meet the moment, when that spontaneous revolutionary moment comes about, you won't be ready. And I think Rosa Luxembourg also agreed with this. You know, she was on obviously on the ground organizing every day. So, I don't really understand what the PMICS were all about. When I read them, I'm like, what the hell are you guys even arguing about here? Um, and anyways, she ended up getting killed and Lenin ended up winning. So, that's kind of harsh and crude and morbid, but that does show you who was more correct in the debates, but the debates are stupid anyways. I feel like I'm like, why are you guys even arguing? Um, but we'll put her in B. That's a little high, but whatever. It's nice to have some famous female com comrades. Carl Lee, I basically just told the whole story of him. Um, they made a lot of theoretical mistakes to that led partially to the Nazi rise to power. Carl Kodsky, someone who Lenin respected from the be at the beginning, someone who was an intelligent thinker at the start, but who had his brain broken by imperialism and opportunism and the First World War. Um, he had this absurd theory of superimperialism. The idea that um, how does superimperialism work? It's like you let imperialism go and eventually imperialism conquers the entire world. Um, and then it creates socialism because then we'll have an entirely conquered globalized economy that's, you know, centrally planned by the dominant imperialist powers. This is some gobbledygook like that. I can't remember the actual thesis that might be uh slightly mangling it, but I mean, we see that now. I also believe he thought the imperialist powers would unite into one imperialist power which would make it easier to to for the workers to struggle against. But I mean we've seen that in in modern day we have the US after World War II becoming the dominant imperialist hegeimon. We have one country rather than various competing imperialist countries. Um one country you know basically with Europe being their tools basically being occupied by the US financial system after the war. Um, and did that bring us socialism? Obviously not. You know, it's why would the American imperialist ruling class start doing socialism and helping the workers? Clearly not. Um, but uh he was a demat sock. Yeah. Basically. Um, and Lenin just absolutely cooks Kodsky. He uses because Kodsky was one of the smarter um people opposing Lenin at the time. theoretically he uses Kotsky all the time to explain his ideas to you know um to counter Kodsky's ideas and to articulate his own and so he has books and books and books just cooking this man but we'll put him with Kruev Hawka get these guys out of here is pretty based man there was a lot of stupid stuff going on, you know, he was like kind of ultra in his like everybody's a revisionist but me type stance, but I mean I kind of respect that he stood on business and stood on principles and a lot of the critiques he had at the time of China and the USSR and the existing socialist powers were legitimate and they were critiques that, you know, the Soviet Union especially should have taken more seriously. um you know, maybe they should uh maybe they should have taken his everybody's a revisionist um sort of stance more serious. Maybe everyone is a revisionist at the end of the day. Um we'll put Hawka. We'll put him in a tier. Screw it. I like Hawka. All right, let's let's look for some more famous ones. Dimmitrov. I wouldn't I don't know if I'd say that's a communist leader. Is it Am I thinking the wrong guy? Oh, I am thinking of the wrong guy. Um, he was the actual leader of the party in the People's Republic of Bulgaria. I didn't even know that, dude. I'm so stupid. I just always hear Carlos and Noah talk about Dimmitrov's theory. I didn't even know he was like a politician and leader. I'm so stupid. I really got to learn more about East Europe and the the history of the USSR. I know too much about Latin America and Asia. Um, so I don't know much about what he did as a leader, but pretty based guy. Wholeheartedly agree with Hawkub. based Hawka build bunker and not allow McDonald. He bad guy. Yeah, that's about what the criticisms of Hawka amount to a lot of the time. Um he built bunkers. He built way too many bunkers. like, well, if the US would have actually invaded them, like very well could have happened during the Cold War, or if the USSR continued on and the Eastern Block continued on, then they would have been thanking him for building those bunkers because they would have needed them to defend themselves. So, all right, let's see here. Maxim Gorki, we'll skip him for now. We'll avoid any controversy for now. Kiml Sun. Kiml Sun goes up here. Kiml Sun is one of the most base leaders of all time. Everything I said about these guys who put socialism into practice um Lenin Stalin Mao is true of Kiml Sun. There were entire regiments during the Korean War with that the South Koreans, the South Koreans and the US had that were tasked with hunting down Kiml Sun because he was such a successful warrior strategist um theorist, and organizer, educator, recruiter. He was amazing at everything. Um there's a reason why um the family, the Kim family, is still so revered and at the head of the party today. um because of his skill and his aptitude and what he did for the country and his his kids too. Um but especially him because he actually fought in the Korean War and emerged as this natural leader of his people. Um, and he developed guuch with these hyperbased principles of self-sufficiency, um, and not being dependent on any other country and being able to survive an imperialist blockade all on their own, which have been vital principles in defending against imperialism, which is why the DPRK is having more success than almost any other country defending themselves from imperialism today, despite the fact that they're being strangled under a blockade. Um, all of that's rooted in in Guuch and Kiml Song. Kim Jong-il, I'd say I'd put the kids here. They were good, too. They just didn't have to the same context as the grandpa and father. um where he was in this war fighting for his own country's liberation against the first the Japanese colonizers and then the US where they killed 20% of his population. Kim Yo Jong like she's only on here because she's famous and because everyone knows who she is. Um but she's not like in a position that's as powerful as the others. Zho and Lie Zho and Lie was based as hell. Everything Zhoan Lie ever said, all his quotes are superb based. He was the one who was having that conversation with Kruev. Uh he's also very handsome by the way, just saying. Um but he was the one who was having that conversation with Kruev where Kruev said, "The problem is that I am from the working class and you are from the managerial class or professional class or whatever the higher classes." And Zho Enli said, "Yes, and the other thing we have in common is that we are both traders to our class." just completely cooked him. Um, and it was true, you know, that was during the Cenos Soviet split when the USSR was moving in a a bad direction under Cruchev and China was moving in a better direction. They still had mistakes and stuff, but um, yeah, we'll put him we'll put him in a I can't justify moving him down to B. All right. Um, Hochi Min s I know that Ha I think put Ho Chi Min in A or B because there are so many Western leftists who claim to be Marxist Leninists but are actually just liberals who support Hochi Min u because Vietnam is a small country and Viet the Vietnam War is this inspiring David verse Goliath story. So they identify with Vietnam even though they're libs and they don't support um socialism when it actually has power and is actually able to crush the boogeoisi and they misrepresent what Ho Chi Min stood for. The same kind of people who have Thomas Sankara with like a pride flag in their bios. Um those are the kind of people who hype up Ho Chi Min. That being said, I will not allow those people to taint my view of Ho Chi Min. Hochi Min is one of the most based leaders of all time. um brilliant theorist uh somebody who was greatly inspired by the enlightenment by France by the United States who read the US Declaration of Independence and said, you know, when Vietnam was fighting their war um against the the Japanese and French colonizers, he requested that the US come help them because he says, you know, in your constitution, it says that you stand for for freedom and people fighting for their freedom against colonial domination like you did against the British. And of course, the US didn't do that. They invaded Vietnam in one of the most horrific and brutal and senseless wars of all time before getting their asses beat by a bunch of dudes with bamboo sticks running around in the woods. Um, a bunch of based intelligent communists running around in the woods with bamboo, I should say. Um, but yeah, he was just a brilliant guy and I will not allow liberal leftists to taint my view of Ho Chi Min. Um and same with Stalin, you know, he was actually building socialism in a rural, you know, jungle sort of country, you know, a unique conditions that um were are different conditions than where socialism had been built previously. Um their beef with the Chinese is stupid, but that's not rooted in Ho Chi Min, you know, it's rooted in other stuff. Um and the way that they collaborate with their brothers in Laos is also superbased. Um and Laos is a very underrated socialist project. I bet they don't have any Laos Lashian leaders on this list here. They should have Kaisone Fain though. Uh oh. Uh oh, folks. No doubt. No doubt. Let's go, baby. We're so back. We're so back, baby. No more glasses wearers, baby. Take the glasses off. Paul Pot's here. I'm not actually going to rank Paul Pot because there's like I'm pretty sure Henry Kissinger in the US bombed all of the books and the records from Cambodia at the time. So, we really can't know what was going on. We know that they were, you know, real hard on the intellectual class. Um, is this Jakai? Oh my god. Notice how they don't even have Jakai's picture. Also, how is this a communist leader? He's not a leader of anything except [ __ ] He's a leader of the CIA left in modern day. They don't even have his face because he never showed his face, which is like a textbook, you know, that's something that the CIA does. They fund these writers who come out of nowhere like Joan Peters who wrote from time immemorial the book about how um Palestine was empty before the Zionist got there. There was nobody there. Um which has been widely debunked. you know, she just came out of nowhere and wrote this book. And a lot of people are like, she's probably a CIA asset, right? Jason Kai, we don't even have his face. He never had to come out and defend his ridiculous ideas or explain them further because he's this anonymous guy. Freaking CIA invented character. He probably doesn't even exist. Settlers is an idiotic book. It tries to replace class struggle with racial struggle, which is inherently anti-Marxist. completely distorts the essence of Marxism, the very core of Marxism, and it lends itself to some of the most damaging and harmful trends on the American left. The trends of culture war obsession and hyperfocus on identity politics above class. These are what are pushed by settlers. Um, nihilism, right? A belief that we can't have revolution in America because our country is just too evil. Even though Mark said that revolution would be global and the proletariat of every country, including America, needs to fight back against its ruling class. Even though Mark said that America's too evil, he didn't understand how evil and morally wrong America was. Our proletariat is a bunch of mean racists and we should actually have racial warfare. Indigenous and black people and other racial minorities should unite and fight against the whites. That's the the core thesis of settlers and it's garbage. and it's had a horrible effect on the American left and I am almost positive that the CIA cooked that [ __ ] up and Jay Sakai is not even real. So anyways, James Connelly, man, this is a tough one, guys. This is a tough one. I feel like I can't put him an A, right? Because he wasn't like a hardcore Marxist Leninist. So, I'll put him I mean, I can't put him an S, but I will put him an A above B because I'm Irish. And James Connelly has one of the coolest deaths in socialist history. Um, his death helped inspire the uprising that actually got Ireland their independence after the Easter uprising. Um, where he was killed and they they tied him to a chair even though because he couldn't stand up and then made him face the firing squad in the chair. Um and he was uh um so beloved and this was so inspiring and it was such a a horrible example of British brutality, colonial brutality that it inspired the people to rise up and ultimately gain their independence like as little as a few days later. Um their, you know, de facto or their dour independence, not necessarily deacto independence or whatever. Uh I might be getting that mixed up. Um but either way, he also has this hyperbased quote. um I haven't been able to find it in like years, but he has some quote that's like the battle to control politics is a reflection of the battle to control industry, which is so true and such a based quote and so important for Marxists today to think about. Um you know, the the political battle is ultimately a reflection of the economic battle, the the battle to control the proletariat. This is why every politician has to pander to the working class constantly and why they do union busting or pandering and bribing off the unions to try and control the industrial proletariat. Um, so very base quote. Love James Connelly. Heroic heroic man. Eric Horner. I don't know enough about Hanukkah to to rate him. Maurice Bishop. What was he? He was like uh some small little country. Um, was he the new jewel movement? Was that what it was called? And it was in Grenada. Yeah, he was based. It was a Marxist Leninist party. Super based, actually. Um, I can't remember how things ended for them. Um, but yeah, shout out to him. We'll we'll rank him. We'll put him in B. I'm being kind of generous here with my rankings. I wonder if I should do this. I wonder if I should move all these guys down to F and then move Bukarin to E. Move these two to D. Move Rosa to C. And then move like these guys to B. Yeah, I feel like that makes more sense. Hawka might be a though. Move him up there. Drop Hawka. No. No. He's standing at