over the last 24 hours or so. We've got a few Hassan incidents to discuss. All it takes is a 24-h hour period. And we've got multiple clips of this guy saying crazy stuff and acting crazy. You know, typical Hassan stuff, I suppose. Starting with the most recent Kaya clip, we've got with 14,000 up votes on RLSF. Hutch believes he caught Hassan using a shot collar. Once again, >> I can't believe the protesters that are that are protesting against settler affairs that are taking place in a synagogue are actually the bad ones in this. >> Are you [ __ ] me? What did I just tell you about the hubris? I wasn't even kidding. I didn't I I confess I I didn't suspect I would see it in this video. Maybe he's got the vibrate collar on now. I don't know. [laughter] I don't know. I don't know. That is not even a little bit subtle. It's funny though. Uh it's funny because um it's on the different side now. This is just purely head cannon. But you can kind of imagine like, okay, if I just switch sides. >> So that does happen pretty quick. Let's run it back and slow it down here. So Kayak gets up and then Hassan reaches for the right. As Hutch pointed out, usually he's reaching for the left in all the other clips. So now this time he's reaching to the right. Something happens. Then Kaya just, you know, goes back to the bed and lays down right there. And let's play back the last like 5 seconds of Hutch's clip and see what he had to say there one more time. >> This is just purely head cannon. But you can kind of imagine like, okay, if I just switch sides. the clip gets cut off there, but presumably he's going to say something like if Hassan just switches sides, like no one's going to notice that he's potentially shocking or zapping or vibrating the collar, right? Whatever the case may be. Because in all the other clips, Assan seems to reach for the left side, not the right side. So that's the point that he's making there presumably. But to be quite frank, I don't know if I'm convinced, as it's just kind of hard to believe that he'd be such a [ __ ] that he would keep abusing this animal on stream after getting caught multiple times already. right? Like he's exceptional, but even that would just be another layer of another level of exceptional. It's definitely possible though. I'm just saying like crazy, crazy, crazy. I do wonder if he didn't actually like zap her or vibrate the caller or anything in this clip, but like that simple motion of him reaching for something. Like Kai is like traumatized by that now from all the other actual times he did do it. So maybe that motion alone is enough to make her lay down. I have no idea. Obviously, that's not a defense of a song. that is still horrible and indicates a lot of terrible stuff he did to this poor dog. I'm just trying to like piece this all together. There's this person in Hutch's chat that makes a hilarious defense of a song. They say he's opening his gate and his door at Hutch. It happens every day at the same time of the day. It's it's his food being delivered. My gosh. I just find it hilarious if that's true. Like I I know like it's a meme that this guy always gets his food delivered, but I thought it was a meme. Like I thought he does it fairly often, but not like every day. But apparently, is [laughter] that really the case? This man really just gets like his Door Dash delivered every day or whatever he he uses. It's just hilarious how much of a cushy bougie life this guy lives while simultaneously himself and other leftists love to try to prop him up as if he's like the most masculine leftist out there. Which, you know what I mean? If that's what they're saying, I guess that's pretty telling, isn't it? For the record, bros out there, ladies and gentlemen out there, cooking your own food and meal prepping is based. On to the next clip. We've got Hassan says America is far worse than the Iranian government despite estimates of over 12,000 anti-government protesters being ended by the regime in recent uprising. That statement okay that's it. America is obviously still far worse than the uh Iranian government even in terms of like the the uh the economic the dire economic situation that Iranians are facing is also a direct consequence of American intervention. So every Iranian that is in a state of disarray due to the uh due to the real dropping in value to zero or due to not having any sort of like due to people uh not having any sort of of of commerce in the country. That's all America. That's all American intervention. So they're still worse than even the most >> So that's where the clip ends. I wish whoever clipped it would have included a few more seconds so we could see what he was closing with on that. But nevertheless, he came off like he was trying and struggling so hard to sound smart there. Like bro was really tryharding that. And it's hilarious because his entire take really just boils down to essentially I'm 14 and this is deep Reddit tier logic where pseudointellectuals like Assan try to blame the United States for every bad thing that is occurring across the world. And they somehow think that's like a very like enlightened take like oh yes that's America's fault. We're so smart for being awake to this to this uh to this. Excuse me. I can't even play the bit without laughing. It's like look the US definitely has been involved with certain geopolitical issues around the world absolutely but trying to blame everything every issue around the world on the US like these people tend to do is both ignorant and a great example of how they lack any accountability at all. They never want to admit their own faults. They never want to admit what they can do better. And in this context where he's talking about the Iranian currency, the real being devalued so much and he's just trying to like blame it all on sanctions from the US, which yeah, the sanctions are certainly a large factor, but Iran's own government has been heavily mismanaging things for decades. They've been causing all manner of economic issues, including massive inflation. And again, the sanctions are a factor, sure, and of course, the US would likely want regime change in Iran, but acting like their government's been running things perfectly and all their issues are simply because of the US, well, that's just pure delusion and deflection because, you know, multiple things can be going on at once. But to these people who are just America bad, that's like their only take. They'll never admit that. Anyways, we're almost to the 8 minute mark. Yay. Let's uh take a look at some top comments here and boost the time slightly. So, we've got streets lined with body bags. Hassan says, "Guys, don't worry. We have it worse. Check security cameras on his multi-million dollar gated compound." Oh my gosh, dude. Right, though. Shocks, dog. Shocks Valkyrie. Uh, it's fascinating how dumb this guy is. Makes it even scary that so many people watch him daily. 80% of his viewers are bots. Wonder where the bots came from. Does he get paid by the Iranian government? I don't see why would you otherwise say anything like this. Iranian government supports Hamas, Hezbollah, and Houthies. It makes perfect sense why Assan would be annoyed when the government falls, no longer supports them. He infamously said Iran is very protrans. A few years ago, I love this fact. They're so protr because they forced you to have transition surgery if you're caught in a gay relationship. But Hassan forgot to add that part. Oh, he forgot. Yeah. Uhhuh. Uh, a couple months ago, he was trying to prop up Iran and argued with chat that he argued with chat. Yeah, he loves doing that. Um, that women in Iran could dance. He tried to disprove them by looking it up and was disproved himself rather than acknowledged that he just quickly changed the subject. So yeah, I did find that clip. It's from like six months ago. He's talking to this chatter who tells him Iranian women can't post dance videos on TikTok. Hassan just starts laughing at this person for like a minute trying to tell them that they're wrong and that this is like a stupid take and it must be a joke. And then it seems like he finds out that he's actually wrong about this and he just deflects and then like changes the subject essentially. It's like 2 minutes of, you know, a lot of his song clips with the dead air and stuff. So, I'll leave it there. Thank you guys for tuning in. I hope you enjoyed the video. And as always, have a lovely rest of your week and I'll see you in the next