The question that has sprung to the forefront of my mind in the last week or so is why is the British state so voseiferously promoting Islam? because it has been embarrassing to see if nothing else but also suspect and weird and I don't like it because as the census in 2021 showed us actually Britain has a very small percentage of Muslims uh 6.5% uh you wouldn't know given the representation that they are given in the public sphere uh that 93.5% of people in this country are not Muslims. You'd think that this was a broadly Muslim country. And this is why Americans are constantly going on about, oh, Britain's been taken over by a caliphate. It's like, no, nowhere near actually. It's just our government love Islam. Our state institutions love Islam and they feel that it's essentially a form of virtue signaling to signal to Islam even though it's a tiny constituency of the population. And they're centered in major a couple of major urban areas. Yes. So you travel most of the country, you'll never see a Muslim. Go to Bradford or Manchester or somewhere like that, yes, you'll see lots of Muslims. Um but they're very disconnected from the rest of the country. And so it's very strange that the government has decided, no, we're going to use these people to project out into the rest of the nation. I mean, for example, uh Britain is 12% Scottish. You don't see a St. Andrew's cross everywhere. You don't hear about Scottish days of the holy days or holidays or anything like this. Uh you you don't hear it yet. There are twice as many Scots as there are Muslims in this country. What is going on? Why is this the case? And I I just wanted to explore that bit. Um but like I said, there's a reason that the Americans think that we've been conquered. Uh King Charles, the royal family, Charles, a famous orientalist. Rumors that he's converted to Islam, I find plausible, frankly. Um but it's probably not that he's converted to Islam. It's probably just that he's had a kind of fetish for things from the east for a long time and he has a wide openen opportunity in the political environment to project that it's completely fine and normal and accepted by all of the people around him to fetishize Islam and so to post things like this. Of course, they don't post about Lent. No, that was interesting. I when I we looked at the Labour Party, they didn't seem to put any posts out for Lent or for Easter at all, but they were quite happy to do this. Yep. That's exactly right. Similarly, when I was looking at a morac, I I didn't see anything about Lent on the royal family's websites either. No. And neither the Labour Party, the current governing Well, the co current governing party, they have never made a post about Lent. A similar image on both of those sites. Uh yeah. Yeah. that that it's a similar sort of it's almost as though it's looks as though it's been coordinated by some Aid Mubarak public relations officer for the government. Yeah, it undoubtedly has they've undoubtedly got some sort of Islamic public relations thing, you know, the Muslim Council of Britain have recommended some little group or something. I don't know. You know, I'm making this up, but like it's going to be something like that. uh where they'll just get to go and go, "Right, okay. Yeah, this this will be something that essentially promotes Islam and Muslims in Britain." And the Labour Party in many constituencies rely on these and they're already losing Muslim votes. So, this isn't going to work. It's not going to last. I think there was a Guardian article speaking about someone who was a cook, a chef during Ramadan, talking about his plight, saying how no one knows about the plight of a chef during Ramadan. And there was massive backlash. Everyone said no one cares. I don't care. Again, 6.5% of the population. You know, I'd rather hear about haggis on Burns night than hear about bloody a mubarak from bloody Muslims. Uh but anyway, no, this the Labour party of course, like I said, have never posted about Lent, even though there are many more Christians in Britain than there are Muslims, but it doesn't matter because that's not what this is about. Star held this ifar event in parliament. I don't know what if is and I don't care. And I'm just amazed by the massive people behind that event, you know. Yeah, exactly. You you can see that Starmer is courting a client group. Yes. Here is a minority that we've brought into Britain and we're trying to keep on side. But of course, if the independent Muslim MPs, the Gaza caucus has shown us anything, they're not going to stay there. And layman know this. This is electorally just ridiculous. It's suicidal. Yeah. because they want the vote, but if mass migration continues, at some point the other side is going to reach a cred and they're going to make parties of their own. Labor won't get the votes and we're going to see that. They're already I'm just going to mute that. But you see the sort of joy on his face. Sorry, carry on. Like he's genuinely thrilled to be doing this. He's he he loves the fact that he gets to pander to a foreign minority group. But you you're absolutely right. they are they are going to start forming their own Islamic party like they've done in Belgium. Uh and we are going to see that as being a core part of our politics going forward. And how many have they got? They got four at the moment. Uh well five with Jeremy Corbyn. Five with Jeremy Corby called me. But once they get to I think it's a level of 10 in in as MPs. They get a lot more money, a lot more funding and a lot more power within there as we saw with that's why the grouping of trying to make sure that reform didn't form a group of 10. And I can see that in the next election. I mean, there's at least they're they're calculating what is it 25 potential seats they can get if they join together now. So, it's understandable why the Labour Party are essentially projecting themselves as just being the party of Islam. As far as anyone would take from what they're saying here, again, as Inevitable West points out, it's Mother's Day and Lent, but you choose Ramadan over British mothers and Christians. Uh, yes. Because Islam, Labour want to frame themselves as the party of Islam to capture Muslim votes. However, they aren't themselves Muslims. If I wanted if I was a Muslim, I wanted Muslim concerns represented in the British Parliament. Why would I vote for an Englishman like Karma? Have you? Exactly. Have you ever seen a leftist trying to approach Christianity electorally? Maybe they have. It's just the way I see it. I just can't picture it. No, no, you're exactly. Maybe they have. No, no, no. They haven't. They never do. They hate Christianity. Uh they only ever treat it subversively, but you're you're jumping the gun here. We're going to get to this in a little bit. But as you can see, Karma, as the holy month of Ramadan ends, I wish Muslims in the UK and across the world a blessed and joyful Eid ala Eid Mabarak. Oh, well then that's so so unbelievably progressive if you care. Uh anyway, so the next one is of course the BBC. Now, this was a bit of a strange thing. says, as you can see here, Eid celebration can be lonely for Muslim reverts. Now, you might be thinking, what's a revert? Well, I I did think that. I was very confused by it. What what was it? So, revert is a term that some Muslims use. Uh, in fact, you can see from the uh community note uh because they pretend that they think that all people are in fact Islamic until they stop being Muslim. And so if someone converts to Islam, they're actually reverting to Islam. Uh basically, it's a very cheap way of talking past the sale and it's not persuasive to anyone. And it's the kind of framing that only exclusively exists within the Islamic mindset, of course, because do Jehovah Witnesses or is it seventh day Adventist have something like you can only be one of them and they they're trying to take all the blood samples? Are they the opposite sides? I I don't know. um finding your true self again. But the point is you wouldn't do you wouldn't say this and you wouldn't call this as you can say you can be lonely for Muslim reverse as people of charity. You wouldn't you wouldn't portray this as being the framing of Islam unless you weren't essentially within the mindset. So I'm actually really I was born a Muslim and one day if I come back I'm a reaver. That's what they'll claim. Yes. And like I said it's a very cheap way of talking past the sale. Uh, and it's kind of embarrassing actually because no one believes it. Uh, but you'll notice that they changed the headline for the actual article because there was a lot of backlash saying, "What are you an Islamic institution now BBC?" Because this is the Islamic narrative. This is the the the thing you say from the position of being within Islam. And that would imply the BBC itself is of course an Islamic thing. Again, it's it's a it's a very subtle and subversive thing. and the backlash at least caused them to change it. Um, but what's interesting about this is that um this uh this one woman uh was a a convert to Islam. They actually use converted to Islam in the article instead of revert. But they say, well, it's isolating and learning. It's okay. Well, they say uh when people come into Islam, they kind of lose themselves. They feel like they need to adapt to be someone else. Like for example, it might be a new way of cooking, a new way of dressing. uh we say look you can do that but be you can be who you are and so basically what she's saying here is essentially I had to convert to Arabic culture right that's what's happening when they convert to Islam uh and so Haley Oliver from Peterborough different woman I think tells us that she was 15 years old when she converted to Islam in 1998 after being inspired by her Muslim friends but felt very isolated Peterborough for anyone who doesn't know is one of those towns that has a very sizable Muslim majority that kind usually uh occupy a kind of separate ethnic enclave uh in the town. Uh she says as a new Muslim you're trying to find your feet, find your identity, which is why you need support around you. Uh she says her family thought she'd been brainwashed and she was kicked out of the house after the 9/11 attacks. Um and she says you do feel alone. You don't feel totally accepted from the born Muslims. You don't feel accepted from at all from your own kind. Isn't that interesting? Well, that's right. And I I I don't see why that's a surprise for her to accept that because most people when they are in different cultures like that particularly in the Middle East they do look differently upon those who are you know converted into theirs. I mean I look at and read a lot about Malcolm X and his conversion. The initial conversion they were actually very concerned about him but once he was seen to be rising accepting Islam he was sly accepted really brutally and very very successfully because he he was now a marketing tool for them. That that's interesting that um essentially there's still a hierarchy of validity inside of the religion. And so she says, I question, what am I? Who are my people? And the answer is, Miss Oliver, you're English. Your people are the English. Why have you gone over to the Pakistanis? And it's obviously because of social pressure, because of the diversification of the United Kingdom. And uh she says, well, look, now I feel like reverts do our own thing instead of looking for acceptance. So what they've done is applied to this the intersectional identity creation process, right? This is now there's now a separate identity called reverts. And there's a very small minority constituency within Islam of reverts and they're all going to band together in like online groups and things to essentially carve out a separate identity from Muslim. So you can see how the subversive nature of leftism is already inside Islam and chipping away at its foundations because I can't see that happening for for long. Somehow I get a feeling that they may come down upon that very very harsh. Maybe when they're in charge, but uh who knows? But the point is you can see the subversive deconstructive nature of leftism everywhere even within Islam which is why I've got a bet with a friend of mine that actually Islam's going to lose to social justice. Uh he doesn't think so and I guess we'll see anyway. So uh they they point she also points out that Eid is quite boring and uh she doesn't really like it but what are you going to do? So there was a there was a chap who writes for five pillars uh who deleted a tweet. So I can't I can't get I can't I can't obviously he knew you were coming on the show so he was going to be ridiculed enough. I I don't know why he deleted this tweet. I have it written down. I didn't take a screenshot of it unfortunately. Um and it's not on the way back machine cuz I mean it it actually it wasn't a very extreme tweet or anything like that. Right. Uh he said the BBC has changed this headline from revert to convert after right-wing nutters complained revert implied we're not all born Muslim. Well right-wing nutters would be correct on that. Uh he says, "Well, facts are facts. We are all born in a state of Islamic purity before many of us succumb to unislamic ideologies." Again, talking past like, "No, that's embarrassing. I don't believe in Islamic purity. There's not such there's not I was just going to ask, what is Islamic purity? There's no such thing. It looks like some people want to rediscover their childhood, become children again, and they attach Islam to it for some reason. It never works. It never works. You can't step into the same." Do you do you think taking on your point about the the kind of leftism and the socialism being in inculcating itself across all the spectrum of our society that they're now even when they're trying to speak like this Islamic purity? It's just seeping through into their head in ridiculous sentences. I mean maybe I I certainly wouldn't. There's a lack of logic in that. Yeah. Uh but the but the point being uh no one believes you because I mean you could just apply that to anything. you know, well, all children are born in a state of Buddhist purity. And you would have to come down to, yeah, but I have an intrinsic prejudice towards Islam because I'm a Muslim. It's like, okay, but that guy's got an intrinsic prejudice towards Buddhism because he's a Buddhist. How there's no right or wrong here. Again, it's just lazy propaganda. But, um, but anyway, so, uh, the BBC big on Islam, uh, 40 minutes of Eid live from the Central Brad, uh, Bradford Central Mosque, uh, which pick of the day apparently. Why? Why? Why are they doing this for 6% of the population? Whereas the St. Andrews Day from Edinburgh Cathedral on BBC? Like what? Like this particular group is being pushed very very hard by the BBC. And they have been for years. By the way, here's a series they had in 2014, Make Me a Muslim. The documentary follows five girls. They embrace Islam. So what what you're seeing here, the BBC is by far the largest media outlet in the United Kingdom for anyone who doesn't know. What you're seeing here is a subtle attempt at persuading people to go along with it. Uh so not only is this framed incredibly positively, it's a positive thing that all of these people are discovering as they're reverting to Islam, but they gain status out of it. They gain attention out of it. You'll get a BBC documentary that's in your favor published that millions of people will watch. I mean, they're probably paid to do it. Amazing propaganda. It's amazing, isn't it? Amazing propaganda. Yeah. St. Andrew was far right. No doubt that he was, but you don't Exactly. You don't get uh you know uh what was the Scottish Presbyterianism? Is it uh that's the Scottish the Scottish church, isn't it? The Church of Scotland. Yeah. So you you don't have the the BBC trying to get people to convert to Presbyterianism, even though they're twice the number of Muslims in this country. Why not? Why not my journey into Presbyterianism? Apart from the fact that and anyway, I'm just going to make a joke. Uh there's no need to make jokes about Scottish Presbyterian to Scotland. Yeah. No, I I mean like, hey, look, I'm English. Like, you know, the Church of England is fit for destruction at this point. But the the point being, you can see how this is being put out, not only with the intention of, oh, look, we just want to promote this person, but also to show other people you have a path that you can travel down to that will get affirmative uh responses from the establishment. Karma will start posting about your religion. You'll get a thing with the BBC. You'll be accepted by the structures and the powers that be rather than being on the outside of that where you're just ignored. You're just called far right. It's like celebrate Mubarak for Eid Mubarak for female liberation. Yeah, kind of. But that level of logic and plausibility, but it's not even that. It's do you want to be within the circle of grace that is promoted by the state? Because I tell you what, English culture isn't go to they're building a massive mosque. This I find absolutely as someone who loves the Lake District, I'm appalled by this how they've managed to get this. There are virtually no Muslims. That's right. So this probably Qatar funded mosque uh has planning permission and uh this is pissed a lot of people off frankly. Um but notice how the lead of this story far right group visit mos site condemned. Yeah. So do you want to be condemned by the power of the be? You just some random individual who doesn't like what's happening to your country? Do you want to be condemned by these massive multi-million pound institutions, the prime minister, the this the the the sort of social elite of the country? Do you want to be condemned or do you want to be praised? Where are the incentives? Which one are you going to find more appealing if you're just some random person in the street, you know? And so, I mean, this is just hor just insufferable, frankly. So, there's a group of Muslim doctors who are spearheading these plans. Uh Britain first held a demonstration outside of them with a banner saying no mosque here. And they'd created a petition that uh to revoke the planning permission that had been signed by 70,000 people. Uh but of course uh they're all far right. Yeah, they're all far right and nobody nobody cared. Um I think there was a thing in this as well that was very interesting. Um which was uh that it was it had been uh there we go. So apparently supply chains were hesitant about being involved in the project. And Mr. Malik here says it's not that I believe there was discrimination on their part. I think they were more concerned about the repercussions that it may have to their businesses. Yeah, you're damn right. If I thought that you were part of a business that was complicit in building a giant mosque in the Lake District, I wouldn't I wouldn't buy from you. I'd buy from anyone else, frankly. Like I'm sorry. I this I think that's something we need to start thinking about really. Anyway, so how many people convert to Islam every year? This surely represents an organic upswing in what the British people are like, doesn't it? Doesn't it? No. Probably about 5,000 a year. Most of them women who marry Muslim men. Now, this is from 2013. This may have changed. I couldn't find anything more recent on the number of people who have converted to Islam. But given how we've had millions of them immigrating here and the population is still only 6.5%. It suggests that the British public themselves are not on mass converting and so this is a very artificial thing being promoted by the establishment. Uh the reason that these women mostly convert by the way is they marry Muslim men and they just say look you need to convert to Islam. So they do. Um but even even the right wing like this in Britain even the right wing in Britain genulect to Islam. Uh, for example, if you're a member of reform and you say that Islam is a false religion, uh, you will get, uh, suspended from the party. If we can get the mirror up. There we go. So, uh, this, um, this candidate called Miss Thomas, uh, the Sunday Mirror learned that she had repeatedly posted on Facebook that Islam is a false religion. Mhm. So, Nigel Farage took action against that. Where's the freedom of speech there, Mr. Farra? It's not even that. How dare you not affirm Islam. You can't be a member of reform. Uh they she she had posted an online image claiming that the Muslim people are trying to take control of the UK and impose Sharia law. Well, that is definitely true at least in parts of the country where they have de facto Sharia law in these areas. And uh she had depicted post another image that depicted Islam as a snake devouring the person feeding it from a bottle. And after alerting the party to the post, reform spokesman said, "Yes, she's been fired out of a cannon into the sun. Uh she's been deselected and we're not uh with withdrawn all support of her candidacy." Uh and so great. That's that's just great, isn't it? So even the right-wing party, the far right party, as we hear from led by donkeys constantly, uh will fire you if you are critical of a religion. But only one religion. One religion. Only one religion. That's true. I bet if they're critical of the Church of England, they won't get fired. Good point. Uh so the point is the entire establishment seems to be desperate to affirm Islam, promote Islam, and get you to convert to Islam. And so the answer is why? Why are they doing this? The question is why? Uh and I think the answer to that is because it has become socially unacceptable to push woke. Now the powers that be and the institutions the universities I think that they want to do everything that is subversive against the country undermine the morale of the native population to make it so they won't politically organize in their own interests and they will uh end up essentially losing their own personal identities and losing the collective identity of their countries and woke was a vector for them to do this. We can attack Britain using woke. Well, that's become unpopular. People are no, we're very aware of what woke is now. we're not having it, you'll lose people's attention, lose their business, be unable to spread propaganda to them. Uh, and so now I think they've flipped and gone, "Right, okay, you're not you're not racist. It's not what it's not racist to be against woke, but it is racist to be against Islam." I think he uh what happens here is that the there is a backlash against woke in in the UK because of Islam. And there was this contradiction between the the very left, you know, the trans stuffaff and the LGBTQ plus wing of leftism and the more Islamloving wing of leftism. I I think they only ever used Islam as a tool against the ma the majority population though. I don't think they really loved Islam. I think though that they they now the Islamists are so many now and their numbers are growing and they see that appealing to the LGBTQ wing doesn't get them any sort of true support. So in order for to not lose the Muslims there's also two funding arms. The LGTB wing is is very powerful economically but still particularly in the US a lot of funding coming through as we know when you know when it came to what they called equal marriage that was funded by people like Elton John and those who were coming over from the US who are actors and actresses over there and what you also have is a very powerful economic wing of the Islamists and you talked about who's funding the mosque that's we know where it's come where the funding is coming from it's either Saudi Arabia it's the UAE they're funding and Qatar. So they're all funding those mosques around the country because they see that as a way of having their own external influence globally. No different than what they saw Turkey doing 300 years ago under the Ottoman Empire. This is their turn as they see it. And the the leftists are the traitors who are holding open the gates. Essentially uh essentially it's a kind of civilizational test. What they're saying is you will not stand up for yourselves and therefore we will destroy you. Um this is what it comes down to. And so we kind of need to unapologetically say you you've hit on an incredibly important point that I I've been considering for quite some time is why do we not have a definition that's legally enforcable in this country of what who is when you're called you are a right-wing fascist or you are a racist. The only person who's ever been able to take that on is Lawrence Fox and he spent a lot of money and the court declined to accept that the words used against him were racist and indeed that you can lose your livelihood for being called racist. And so we need to have somebody with deep pockets to challenge that in the courts first of all push it all the way up. But if the courts simply decide against you then that leaves us legally defenseless against these sort of true. But what it also does, it opens up a door. It does and that door says that you no longer accept that what is a clear definition of racism, you're saying it's open-ended to however you feel. And that's unacceptable in today's common law. And and I I do believe we need to have somebody who can take that challenge on. Anyway, uh the point being I think that this is just part of the continual subversive nature of the people who hate Britain who somehow find themselves in charge of our entire country. If you would like to watch the full uncut version that is also uncensored, head on over to lotus.com to find out more. [Music]