Well, twist my nipples and send me to Alaska because the Bone Temple was absolutely not what I expected. Let's be honest here. Now that all the hype and buildup have died down, I think we can all accept that 28 years later wasn't exactly the triumphant return to form that the trailer suggested. Yeah, it definitely had some great moments that were helped along by superb performances, but it was kind of let down by a disjointed narrative, plot conveniences galore, and an ending that had most people scratching their heads. And let's also be honest that most of us probably didn't expect much from the sequel, The Bone Temple, directed as it was by the same woman who gave us The Marvels. >> But here's the funny thing. It's pretty [ __ ] good, actually. >> That doesn't make sense. >> Maybe not movie of the year kind of good like some people are painting it as. And yeah, it kind of feels like an expansion pack for the previous film rather than a complete narrative of its own, but it's definitely a compelling horror movie with some truly gruesome moments that keeps you guessing about where it's all leading. And it's elevated by one of the best villain performances in recent years. Now, I'm going to try and keep this review mostly spoiler-free, but to understand the plot, I have to give you some idea of what happens in this film. So, consider yourself warned. Anyway, the story picks up right after the events of the last film. Spike's been captured by Jimmy and his gang of jimmies and offered a chance to join them, provided he can kill one of them in hand-to-hand combat, which he does. Lord Jimmy turns out to be a terrifying figure who rules through a combination of charismatic leadership and absolute fear, wandering the countryside with his fellow jimmies and just murdering anyone who crosses their path. How exactly have they managed to survive for years with no equipment, supplies, shelter, or fixed defenses? Why have they never been overwhelmed by the infected while traveling out in the open? Why has nobody else ever tried to take them out when they're clearly a threat? Don't know. Anyway, while all this is going on, Dr. Kelson is experimenting on massive Dong Man, who's beginning to show signs of humanity and understanding after being repeatedly tranquilized by him. Could there possibly be a way to reverse the effects of the rage virus? The two groups are eventually put on a collision course when one of the Jimmies spots Kelson and massive Dong Man dancing together and believes that he's literally the incarnation of Satan on Earth, which works out nicely because Jimmy and his gang are devil worshippers. But what will happen when Lord Jimmy confronts Kelson? Will Massive Dong Man ever regain his humanity? And will Spike find a way to stand up to the terrifying leader of their group? I said earlier that The Bone Temple isn't the movie I expected. And while that can be a good thing to do the unexpected and keep your audience guessing, it does create a few problems that I'll get into shortly. I will say that if you're expecting a continuation of Spike's character arc, you're probably going to be disappointed here because this movie really isn't his story. He's more of an observer this time around because the real meat of the narrative is focused on Kelson and Lord Jimmy. And on that subject, damn son, they did a hell of a job with that character. What I always find disturbing about a good antagonist is that feeling like you never quite know what they're going to do at any moment. And Jimmy's a perfect example of this. At times paternal, charismatic, and even funny, at others, quiet and self-reflective, and then at other times brutally sadistic and cruel, he inspires a kind of fanatical loyalty in his gang because they're just too scared to challenge him. It's never really explained why he styles himself after Jimmy Savo, and given context to American audiences, would probably take too long anyway. So, I guess we're just supposed to go with it. And yeah, if I was going to be super critical of the character, I'd say he does allow himself to be baited into a very obvious trap. But then, he is a bit of a [ __ ] Froot Loop, so who knows? Either way, he's absolutely nailed by Jack O' Conno, who seems to be having the year of his life playing charismatic but terrifying antagonists that really stick with you. There's not many young actors who can hold their own against veterans like Rafe Fines. But this guy doesn't just hold his own, he dominates every scene he's in. The Bone Temple is basically his story, an exploration of what true evil looks like and how it justifies itself. And that being the case, mission [ __ ] accomplished. It's not entirely great on the acting front, though. Casting Aaron Kellyman, who most of you probably know as Freckle Jesus from Falcon and the Winter Soldier, was a risky move that doesn't really pay off. Disney tried to make her a thing a few years ago, and well, there's a reason it never happens. She's got that same blank eyed deer in the headlights look as everything else I've ever seen her in. And she just doesn't have the acting range or the charisma to play a tough intense survivor like the movie needs. She stands out so badly because everyone else is doing their absolute level best to sell this one. In terms of the direction and cinematography, I've got no issues here. D Costa steers this movie with confidence and artistic flare. Yeah, she definitely takes her cues from Danny Bole's playbook in terms of shots, framing, and editing style, which kind of makes me wonder why Bole himself didn't just direct it, but whatever. Credit where credit's due. The Bone Temple looks good, the action's well framed, and I think a film like this is much better suited to her sensibilities as a filmmaker. It really goes to show just how badly she was chewed up and spit out by the Marvel machine. And holy [ __ ] man. If you like gory horror and torture scenes, you're in for a treat here. That's for sure. It's not often that I find myself wanting to look away from the screen because what I'm seeing is just so [ __ ] grim, but this movie managed it a few times in the first act. It does settle down a bit after that to be fair, which kind of makes me wonder if it had something to prove early on. Plot-wise, The Bone Temple isn't a complicated movie, but then this franchise never really is. It's always been more about the characters and themes than the actual story, which is fine when characters like Jimmy and Kelson are driving the action, but it can get a little bit bogged down and slow paced when they're not. It doesn't do much to expand the world building or take us anywhere we haven't seen already. And if you're expecting a resolution to the story between Spike and his father, you're [ __ ] out of luck because that guy never even gets mentioned here. Like I said before, I can't shake the feeling that this is more like an add-on to the previous film than a well-rounded narrative of its own. Much as I loved the first act of 28 Years Later, if you cut that out, it probably would have left enough time to fit both movies into one narratively complete film instead of two slightly disjointed halves. As it stands though, The Bone Temple is a damn good horror movie with some genuinely gory moments, strong character work, and great performances that ties up most of the loose ends from the last film, but also leaves the door open for the next chapter with an ending that kind of comes out of nowhere, but is definitely going to get fans talking. Am I super excited to spend more time in this universe? Not exactly, if I'm honest, but I'll probably watch it to see how it ends. And if you're a fan of the franchise, you should, too. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.