The first full trailer for Supergirl just dropped and I haven't watched it yet. So, let's watch it together, shall we? And see what we think. Hi everyone, it's AZ here from Heel Versus Babyface. Got my Princess Leia buns ready for the uh for the old headphones. But yesterday we had a 15second teaser, which is about 10 seconds actually for today's Supergirl trailer and also the first like poster dropped. I'm going to be completely honest with you. I wasn't particularly impressed with the by line of truth, justice, whatever. Just comes across so nihilistic and well, just another person that hates superheroes doing a superhero movie, you know? Crazy. Hey, so the trailer's dropped. I have no idea what to expect, but I'm going to make a couple of predictions right? It's going to be full of Guardians of the Galaxyesque uh humor. I think the trailer is going to look very much like a Guardians movie because well, pretty much that's all James has got in his rotation system. As we've seen, he's recycling Star-Lord's Walkman for Supergirl in this. Goodness gracious me. Uh, I also expect there to be plenty of uh cool music tracks. And uh I also expect that Supergirl throughout the course of the whole trailer is going to look like a bulldog licking piss off a thistle with a oh my godz I just don't care Z type of attitude. So let's now actually have a look see. Uh, if I was a magic eightball, I would say that the signs were pointing to pretty good on that one. Uh, so here we go. Oh, isn't crypto such a scam? Oh, managed to uh catch it on a black screen. Uh, so far 9 seconds in. I seem [clears throat] to be spot on. Music track looks like Guardians of the Galaxy. Okay. Oh, that I think that sums up Superman perfectly, pissing all over him. Uh cuz I think that's what James Gun did for his movie. He took the wonderful Superman character and pissed all over it by making an absolutely god-awwful film. Uh but yeah, nice. That's a a really good reflection there. >> You managed to get most of it on the paper this time. Good job, buddy. >> Oh, it's Blondie. Oh, okay. Wow. Uh, James Gun relying on that old music trope and the copyright gods are going to be deepthroating me from here on in. Uh, as the um whatever the Raven Crest or whatever the guardian ship is called uh suddenly comes into land and uh Star-Lord gets off, I guess. Hi, >> Carzorel. [music] Your wide is clear. >> It does. It's just currently looking exactly like Guardians of the Galaxy. I I am so shocked. Uh, look at my shocked face. Do love me a bit of blondie though. got to say >> the 23 will be the best year yet. [music] >> Plea, please don't call me. Don't call me at all. >> Let's be honest, babe. It's not a very high bar to clear. >> I didn't know any of you were still alive. What was it like to lose everything in the day? Uh so this is the I guess the fall of Krypton and the creation of Kandor. Uh that's going on here. Uh or just the creation of Canandor. One of the two. Didn't die in a day. The gods are not that kind. >> Sorry. I I sorry. I got to stop again. Is this Guardians of the Galaxy? Seriously, I'm not even joking now. Have I just got the wrong trailer? And this is this is Star Lady and I've I've somehow in the past couple of hours just bounce to an alternative universe. Uh anyway, let's let's carry on. Oh, look. It's uh it's lots of lasers. >> Okay, this does not look like this is going to end well for you guys. Now, now let's be honest. Who didn't predict that line when she said, "This is not going to end well." Who didn't predict the next bit? Anybody? Anybody did not predict that she was going to say for you guys. Any No, no hands at all. Every single person predicted that next line. Okay. [music] Do others on your planet have powers like you? >> Oh, great. She's got a 5 foot nothing uh girl boss to go with the 5'3 girl boss. Is that girl boss squared? Excellent. [music] >> Uh no, it's a pretty small group of two. [music] >> Superman. Uh, we saw a little bit of Lobo there for a split second. That's all we're going to get a Lobo. I mean, at least it's looking like the proper Lobo from the silhouette and not the uh the New 52 soy cuck Lobo, but uh, okay. What [music] Superman? >> He sees the good in everyone and I see the truth. Oh. [laughter] Oh, the continued downfall of Super. He says the He sees the good in everyone. I see the truth. Ah. Oh, please. More nihilism. More cynicism. Oh. As edgy as a butter knife. Oh, let's go. Let's go disco. [music] >> [music] [sighs and gasps] >> Guardians of the Supergirl. Supergirl of the Galaxy volume one by line. The only volume it will get. [music] >> Let's wait for the zinger. Any zinger? No zinger. No zinger at the end. I was waiting for a shitty joke uh to be thrown there at the end. Look, I can't pretend. And there's no use pretending. Uh, oh, you just hate everything. You just hate No, it's called having [ __ ] standards. That's what it's called. If if you want to see something like that, go, "Yeah, this looks great. This looks wonderful." Well, you know, good for you. But that just looked as generic as generic came. It looked like Guardians of the Galaxy. Doesn't look like James Gunn has got anything new in his repertoire whatsoever. Cynical, downbeat Supergirl, but that's what she's like. Well, it all depends on what version of Supergirl. Do you know there's been quite a lot? I mean, if you live on Wikipedia, then maybe you don't. But there are so many different versions that you could have gone for. And particularly after Superman, and I know this was written before then, but after Superman, you could have pivoted into something a wee bit more upbeat with her, but no. Uh, I guess this is exactly the type of Supergirl that was shown off at the end of Superman. Um, disrespectful, just just I don't even know what a character is to be quite honest with you. Uh, drunken hoe. Sority drunken hoe. What were the stakes? Who Who are we caring about? You don't want to try and give any sort of here are the stakes and the plot. Here's what's on the No. Okay. But Blondie, so people are going to go, "Oh my god, did you see that?" Uh, not impressed. Not impressed at all. Uh, so there you go. Live reaction. You and me. We saw it for the first time together. Got a feeling that when I watch it a few more times, it ain't going to grow on me at all. In actual fact, might have some further feelings on it when I start to really inspect what's going on there. But no. Uh, nothing nothing got me interested. Nothing lit any fire underneath me. Nothing there made me think, "Oh, okay. Maybe maybe there's something here." Nah, not at all. Uh, so there we go. Let me know what you guys and girls think in the comments section down below, and I'll be back with some more stuff very soon. You take care. Goodbye BALOB. [music] HEAT. [music]