America is a black country. Let me explain why. As a Marxist, the way that I understand how nations develop their national trajectories is through the class struggle. So the struggle that different forces in society with contradictory interest wage in order to try to advance their own specific interests. In the US, as the polymath web dubo argued, the central form that the class struggle took was the struggle against the color line. the struggle against racism. It was the struggle that propelled the second American Revolution, the Civil War, where uh quite literally you had slaves free themselves, what he called the black proletariat free itself through a general strike. This is not how we're taught the Civil War. But objectively, what happened in the Civil War was that southern slaves, black workers, fled to the north. And by fleeing to the north, they removed the productive base of the US South and added spies, workers, and very capable soldiers to the US North and won the war. Try to think of a more influential event for American history than the Civil War. That was a class struggle. It was a its victory was a product of the class struggle of the black proletariat. Then you have the political revolution, the civil rights movement of the 1960s which radically changes society. It dour, eliminates, legalized aparthide segregation. Again, this struggle was a product of the black freedom movement of the class struggle against the color line. And this isn't just a race struggle. Markx used to say that racism is the secret through which the ruling class sustains its power. So if you're fighting against that secret through which the ruling class sustains its power, it's pretty foolish just to call it a race struggle. No, it's the class struggle taking on a specific form as the black freedom movement. So if America is a country that has had the most important and central class struggles in its history taken the form of that black freedom movement of that movement against slavery and then against Jim Crow aparthide all of the things that have been produced as a reflection of that in terms of culture in terms of art, music, uh literature uh philosophy sociology you know some of the main influences for what we call American culture, they come from that black freedom movement. So in a certain sense, if we consider, as I do in my tradition, which can be traced back to Hegel, that subjectivity, who it is that you are, your identity is basically constituted through struggle. In the master slave dialectic, in the ultimate instance, it's the slave, the bondsman that's capable of constituting themselves as a fully human subject precisely because of their work. they can recognize themselves in that struggle in their product. It is precisely because of that that the only genuine form of social subjectivity that could in any form define America as a nation is the one that has been born out of that black freedom movement. So in that sense, America is definitely and here's it's a very controversial point. I understand that it is because of the history of white supremacy and uh Jim Crow and everything else, but precisely because of that and how that has defined class struggles in our country, America is a black nation. America is a nation that has been constituted culturally and in terms of its identity through the black freedom movement, which has been the dominant form that the class struggle has taken at least up until 1964 with the civil rights political revolution.