Now, one of the questions I often get asked is, "Drinker, when are you going to do humanity a favor and remove yourself from the gene pool, you ridiculous waste of flesh? Any chance you could group together your movie reviews into long- form videos so I can listen to them all together and not have to go looking for each of them one by one?" Well, I'm pretty sure that's what playlists are for, but whatever. With that in mind, here's my first little attempt. all of my phase 4 Marvel reviews merged together into one big greasy mess of boile, hatred, booze, and possible diarrhea. So, with that in mind, let's get started, shall we? I'll see you in about an hour and 40 minutes. Africanamean Widow. Oh, for [ __ ] sake. Back when the original trailer for Black Widow dropped, I confidently predicted that it would be a solid, well-crafted, but ultimately pointless movie in a similar vein to Winter Soldier. Well, I was half right. It definitely borrows a lot of ideas from Winter Soldier. Arguably a few too many, but we'll get into that one later. But as for being solid and well-crafted, uh, on the surface, Black Widow follows the classic MCU formula to the letter. There's an impressive cast, tightly choreographed fight scenes, chases, explosions, and a big epic CGI finale. The thing is though, strip away the big flashy production values, and you're left with an awkward, clumsy, amateur-ish kind of movie, trying too hard to be funny, trying too hard to be serious, and trying too hard to push ideas that feel played out and unimaginative. A film that handicaps its talented cast with crappy material and squanders the opportunity to give one of the MCU's most beloved characters the triumphant sendoff that she deserves. In short, it's a bit of a [ __ ] stinker. Allow me to illuminate you. The movie begins with a flashback to 1995 where a young Natasha and her family are living the American dream until they get summoned back to Russia by their handlers. You can tell they really wanted this sequence to happen during the Cold War, but they couldn't get the dates to line up with the character's age. So, instead, we're lumbered with this weird mid90s setting. Anyway, cue a frantic chase sequence where they have to escape the FBI in a light aircraft because, I guess, the US government just kind of gives up on foreign agents the moment they get airborne. >> Not a great plan. >> Anyway, after making their way to Cuba, the family gets split up and Nat and her sister get inducted into the Black Widow program. To be fair, it's a pretty promising opening. It's grim and gritty, and it demonstrates the harsh reality of becoming a Black Widow. It also gives us a glimpse of the film's antagonist, Draov. [ __ ] cherish this one, though, because you won't be seeing him again until like the last 15 minutes. Anyway, flash forward to the present day, and Nat's sister, Yolena, is still a black widow tasked with hunting down another Black Widow that's gone rogue. She manages to take down her target, but not before getting dosed with some glowing red jizz that causes her to break her mental conditioning and mutiny. Meanwhile, Nat herself is also on the run after the events of Civil War and eventually winds up in Norway where her arms dealer contract set her up with a safe house. Wait, why does someone like Nat need a fixer? Isn't she exactly the kind of person that would have safe houses all over the world just in case? Nah, whatever. But he also delivers a package from her safe house in Budapest. Well, this guy is like the nicest and most considerate arms dealer I've ever seen, which she totally ignores because why not, right? It's not like it's going to contain important information or a magical [ __ ] mcguffin that's vital to the rest of the plots. Anyway, Nat's headed into town later that night when her car suddenly gets run off the road by a dude in a skull mask. But he's not actually after Nat. He wants the package from Budapest because, wouldn't you know it, it contains the glowing red gizz that freed Yolena. Wait, how the [ __ ] did Skeletor know where Nat was? Why did he wait until now to attack her? How was he able to track and recover the package when he didn't even know what he was looking for? Why does he repeatedly spare her life when she clearly represents a threat to the success of his mission? How is he able to travel the world dressed like [ __ ] Boba Fett without attracting attention? Don't know. Anyway, they have a fight and Nat escapes with the canisters of Red J because she was somehow able to remove it from its protective casing, hide it inside her jacket, and close the case again without Skeletor noticing in the half second it took for him to throw her off a bridge. Uh, yeah, sure. Okay. Naturally, she wants answers. So, she heads to her old safe house in Budapest. And who should be waiting there but Yolena. Then they have a fight and for the life of me I cannot work out why. Yolena clearly wanted Nat to come here because she sent the package to her and Nat clearly wants answers from Yolena. So why the [ __ ] are they trying to kill each other? In fact, how the [ __ ] does Yolena even know about this safe house? If she didn't want that to come here, why couldn't she have included a note with the red J explaining her situation? Shite. >> Oh yes, that's shite. >> Anyway, after about 20 minutes of [ __ ] around, we finally get some answers. It turns out that when Nat defected from the Black Widows, she assassinated Draov by blowing up his building, including his young daughter. Hm, I wonder if that'll be relevant later. Anyway, Draov survived the attack. How? Don't know. But to make sure no other widows turned against him, he started using some weird mind control on them. And the red J is the only thing that can break it. Where exactly did the red J come from and who developed it? Don't know. How did the widow at the start get her hands on it? Don't know. The point is they need to find Draov, kill him, and use the red J to free the other black widows. The problem is they don't know where to find him. The only guy who does know is the Red Guardian who's now locked up in a Siberian prison. Why don't know? Now, prison breaks are usually pretty cool in movies like this. a chance for the writers to exercise a bit of creative thinking and pull off some exciting set pieces. I can only assume the writers of Black Widow take a different view, though, because this whole sequence is basically a series of increasingly ridiculous fuckups from characters who should absolutely know better. Their grand plan is for him to fight his way into the prison yard through dozens of guards and fellow inmates, then climb to the upper levels under heavy gunfire so they can pick him up by chopper. And for some reason, they're surprised when he's not able to accomplish this. >> Not a great plan. What the [ __ ] did you expect? Don't you think you're asking kind of a lot from a single unarmed man? Naturally, he [ __ ] it up and Nat goes in to rescue him just before an avalanche engulfs the whole facility, killing dozens of innocent men. But I guess we'll just ignore that. Unfortunately, Red Guardian doesn't know where Draoff is hiding either, but he knows who does. It turns out that Molina, their fake mom from the start of the movie, has been working for Draov for years to develop his mind control system. Wow. lucky that the two parental figures in their lives are both intimately connected with the man they need to kill now. So, they find Molina and after an excruciating family bonding scene where the movie tries really hard to be funny, she decides it's time to get the plot moving again and betrays them to Draov. Then, Skeletor captures them and takes them to his floating sky fortress. Yep, that's a thing which is in this movie. Things are looking grim for the Groovy gang, but it turns out it was all a double cross so that Nat could get close to Draov and kill him. The problem is that he gives off some kind of pheromone which prevents Nat from harming him. That's right. This guy literally uses the power of smell to protect himself. So Nat does the sensible thing and headbutts the table to break her own nose so she can't smell him anymore. And honestly, it's probably the single funniest moment in the whole movie. >> I uh I think I can smell shite. >> I mean, couldn't you have just walked to the other side of the room or something? His pherommones can't extend that far. So anyway, everyone has a good punchup and the castle in the sky blows up and Skeletor gets unmasked as Draov's daughter. >> No way. >> Oh my goodness. Who could possibly have predicted that the character whose identity is hidden throughout the whole movie could possibly be the girl whose death has been a source of guilt for Nat this whole time? Anyway, Draov gets blown up in the most underwhelming death scene ever. The Black Widows get freed by the Red J and everyone just kind of leaves like they can't think of anything else to do. And that's it. That's the plot for Black Widow. I said earlier that this movie kind of reminds me of Winter Soldier, and it's not hard to see why. Both films feature a war against a clandestine organization manipulating events from the shadows. Both put their protagonist up against someone they share a close personal history with. Both have a masked enforcer who's been brainwashed into killing without question. And both culminate in a battle scene aboard a flying fortress of some kind. If I was a cynical man, I'd say the writers were unimaginative hacks who tried to copy the formula of a much more successful film because they couldn't come up with any real ideas of their own. The difference though is in the execution. Winter Soldier worked so well because it built on the history of its main character. When Steve went up against Bucky, you understood his conflict because you knew how close the two men had once been. When they try to do the same thing with Skeletor, it feels meaningless because Nat has no actual history with her. It's the same problem with Yolena, who's never been mentioned or referenced in any previous movie, making it pretty obvious she was recconed in here. Draov himself is one of the most underwhelming antagonists in Marvel history. And that's [ __ ] saying something, believe me. He's barely in the movie, and when he does finally show up, he's just a weak, pathetic, egotistical old man easily manipulated into compromising his life's work. I mean, there's a strong subtext of abusive relationships in this movie, and the clear message is that most abusers are generally weak and cowardly once you strip away the veneer of intimidation, but it doesn't exactly make for a thrilling climax. I wanted someone who could actually test Black Widow, but Draco feels almost superfluous in his own story. Speaking of superfluous characters, if you were excited to see Red Guardian in this film, prepare to have your hopes shaton. The guy literally only exists to lead the girls to someone who can actually help them and to say really dumb things so that we can all laugh at him for being flat and stupid. Isn't it funny how the only two male characters in this film are either portrayed as weak and pathetic or dumb and comical? Just something to think about. Also, I have to admit I'm really confused about Molina, who I assume we're supposed to root for because she ultimately betrays Draov. But that doesn't change the fact that she's been complicit in his work for decades, even developing the brainwashing used to control the other widows. She tortures animals on her farm. She sanctions the kidnapping of young children. And her work helps to keep them enslaved as adults. And at no point does she ever answer for these crimes or even really acknowledge them. It's all just conveniently forgotten about. Kind of like Wision now that I think about it. >> They'll never know what you sacrificed for them. I wonder if there could be a connection there. The emotional tone of this film is all over the place, swinging wildly between dark, serious drama and ridiculous slapstick comedy with absolutely no warning or common sense. One minute we're supposed to be laughing at Red Guardian trying to squeeze into his old suit. The next we're dealing with child kidnappings, murders, and torture. Even the patented Marvel humor is kind of lacking now. Gangs that should be quick and punchy come across as slow and labored. like the scripts trying too hard to milk its unfunny jokes for all their worth. Jesus, at least Winter Soldier maintained a consistent tone. Yeah, there was the occasional Joker oneliner, but generally it was a film you were supposed to take seriously. I don't know what the hell I'm supposed to do with Black Widow because I don't know what the [ __ ] it's trying to be. The frustrating thing here is that they had such a great cast to work with. Scarlett Johansson's a seasoned pro that's been doing this [ __ ] for decades now, and she knows exactly what she's about. This version of Black Widow is older and more battlewear, but she's still a determined fighter. And I have to admit, the scene where she provokes Draov into repeatedly punching her and refuses to stay down is pretty [ __ ] good. But the standout for me was Florence Pew as Yolena. She's funny and engaging. She shows moments of vulnerability without ever seeming weak. And she sparks pretty well off Johansson. The few jokes that actually land mostly come from her matter-of-act delivery. To understand how this film went wrong, I decided to find out a bit more about the people behind it. Like director Kate Shortland, who I looked up online and found, [ __ ] all. In the past 20 years, she's directed a grand total of three obscure low-budget movies that I've never heard of. Why the [ __ ] is someone like this directing a $200 million action flick? >> Not a great plan. >> But what about the writing team, you may ask? Well, Jacqueline Schaefer did one division, which kind of explains the very shaky morality here. and she's got an uncredited rewrite for Captain Marvel. Meanwhile, Eric Pearson, co-wrote Thor Ragnarok with the help of two other people. And that's it. Are you serious? >> So, basically, this film was made by writers and directors with no meaningful accomplishments to their names. Jesus, imagine what this movie could have been if they'd hired the Russo brothers. Now, believe it or not, it gives me no pleasure to slate this film because I genuinely wanted it to do well. I wanted Black Widow to finally get the recognition she deserves. And I wanted the MCU to say goodbye to her in a way that was poignant and appropriate instead of dropping her off a [ __ ] cliff. But what we got instead was a shitty, clumsy, loweffort action flick that could have been released anytime in the past 10 years. A movie with neither a heart nor a brain, written and directed by people who had no business being in charge of a production like this that just kind of shambles towards its conclusion with absolutely no sense of urgency or occasion. And ultimately wastes the amazing opportunity it's been given. It's just a shame that after so many years of waiting for a Black Widow movie, what we ended up with kind of makes me wish they hadn't bothered. Shangi and the Legend of the 10 [ __ ] rings. Shang Chi is the serious dramatic story of family conflict between a father and his weward son, exploring issues of legacy, heritage, and the desire to make your own future for yourself. It's also the tragic tale of a deeply flawed man who tried and failed to put his dark past behind him and is now willing to sacrifice everything to reunite with the woman he loves. It's also a story about a marginalized young woman breaking with tradition to forge a new life for herself and realize her true potential. It's also a modern action thriller about international criminal gangs, secret terrorist organizations, and underground fighting tournaments stretching from the streets of San Francisco to the neon soaked metropolis of Macau. It's also a magical fantasy movie about ancient warrior clans, immortal warlords, alternate dimensions, monsters, dragons, Chinese mythology, and sentient bamboo forests. It's also a comedy road trip movie about two young lovers leaving behind their humrum existence to go on an exciting adventure to a far-off land where they reconnect with their heritage, learn more about each other, and ultimately find a new sense of direction. The only thing it lacks is any sense of how to mesh all these different elements together into a coherent story. The end result is a frustrating mess of a film that swings wildly between serious drama and pthos, goofy attempts at observational comedy, fast-paced kung fu action scenes, and insane over-the-top CGI battles against ancient monsters. There's an awful lot of contradictory elements all vying for screen time and attention, ultimately undermining instead of supporting each other. But to properly explain the problems with this film, I need to give some kind of rundown of the plots. So, clench your rings tight because like with Tatiana, after a couple of lines of cocaine, I'm going in hard and fast on this one. The movie begins in ancient China with a warlord who's out to conquer the world because I guess that's what warlords do. He goes by many names, but for the sake of this review, let's call him Not Fu Manchu because he's absolutely not based on that comic book character at all. Anyway, not Fu Manchu is armed with 10 magical rings that grant him special powers, immortality, and kung fu moves straight out of Crouch and Tiger Hidden Dragon. Where exactly did these magical rings come from, and how did he acquire them? Don't know. Even the script is like, I don't [ __ ] know, mate. Just accept it and move on. So after amassing an army, he becomes a kind of puppet master working in the shadows, using his forces to stage assassinations, terrorist attacks, kidnappings, extortions, and all kinds of wholesome activities. And all I kept thinking at the time was, Jesus, how many secret organizations manipulating events behind the scenes do we actually need to have in this universe? We've got Hydra, the Black Widows, the Winter Soldier, and now the 10 [ __ ] rings. I mean, were any of these groups even aware of each other? Did they come into conflict? Were they locked in some endless competition to one up each other and become the ultimate stereotypical secret organization? Who knows? That's the advantage of constantly recconing your own universe to introduce more and more characters and factions that no one's ever heard of until now. You really don't have to care how they all fit together. Anyway, by the mid 1990s, Not Fu Manchu gets wind of a secret magical [ __ ] land hidden behind a magical [ __ ] gateway that can only be accessed through a magical [ __ ] bamboo forest. And he decides that he wants a piece of that action. But then he runs smack bang into strong female character number one, who totally kicks his ass despite his thousands of years of combat experience and being armed with the 10 magical [ __ ] rings because, you know, of course she does. But then for some reason she falls in love with them and they move back to the real world and have a couple of kids together. But then tragically it all goes wrong and she dies and the kids are left to be raised by not Fu Manchu. Flash forward to the present day and our man Shang Chi is working as a valet attendant in modern-day San Francisco which is depicted as a clean, picturesque and efficiently managed city. Anyway, he's kind of an aimless drifter who spends most of his time hanging with his girlfriend. And believe me, we'll talk more about her later. But for the time being, let's call her not funny Katie. So Shangi and not funny Katie are riding the bus one day when they get attacked by a bunch of thugs, including this [ __ ] idiot with a sword for an arm. Seriously, would a robotic arm with an actual hand not be a bit more practical both for combat and well, daily life? Like, how the [ __ ] is this dude supposed to blend in? Anyway, the fight forces Shang to transform into a kung fu master and totally kick their asses, but not before losing the green pendant given to him by strong female character number one. Knowing that the other pendant is held by his sister, Shang travels to China to warn her about it. Because I guess ballet attendants make so much money that they can just drop thousands of dollars on plane tickets and fly straight to China without having to worry about entry visas, travel documentation, customs officials, the CCP, or the possibility that the 10 rings would almost certainly be monitoring international arrivals. And for some reason, not funny Katy goes along with him. Seriously, you've got no weapons, no training, no contacts, no relevant experience, and you can't even speak Chinese. What possible use do you think you could be in a situation like this? Ah, what the hell? I guess she needs to be there because otherwise, who would make us not laugh if not funny Katie wasn't there? So, they quickly managed to track down his sister, who we'll now call strong female character number two. Strong female character number two runs an underground fighting tournament which for some reason takes place in a skyscraper that's under construction because I guess active construction sites like that don't have security, night watchmen, video surveillance, or any means of keeping the general public off their property. I love how his sister's very first action is to fight Shang in a cage match in front of hundreds of people after announcing both of their real names to the crowds. Wow. Sure hope there's no operatives from the 10 rings amongst them because that would almost immediately give you away and compromise the entire operation that you've been building since you were 16. Seriously, if your long-lost brother suddenly reappears on your doorstep after 10 years, don't you think he might have a valid reason for being there? Don't you think it might be wise to hustle him off into a secure area where you can question him at leisure? Don't you think he might have had some justifiable reason for not returning all those years ago? And maybe, just maybe, you should give the man a chance to explain himself. Don't you think it would be better to not act like a [ __ ] idiotic child just for the sake of delivering a momentary humiliation? Nah, it'll be fine. It really pisses me off when movies try hard to build up characters as smart, resourceful, and cunning strategists, but then everything that they actually do in the story contradicts it. It's like telling me one thing but showing me something completely different. And I just can't reconcile this immature [ __ ] with the sinister, calculating crime lord the movie wants to paint her as. But nah, strong female character number two has to prove how strong and female she is by giving Shang a good old kick in the balls. I wonder what the reaction would be if the genders were reversed here. At one point, the movie even tries to claim that she was banned from training with the rest of the boys as a child. So she basically taught herself kung fu and became better than all of them. [ __ ] off film. This is the Ray Skywalker school of character development where girls are secretly better than boys at everything and it's just that pesky patriarchy holding them back. Anyway, wouldn't you know it, this was all just a setup so that not Fu Manchu could get both of his kids together, then roll in and capture them, which works great for the movie because it allows the first hour of the plot to happen, but makes absolutely no sense in reality. Surely, you must understand that the two of them are stronger together than apart. And the more time you give Shang to explain his situation, the more chance they're going to team up and fight you. You could have just snuck into their homes and captured them in their sleep or waited until they were passed out drunk or laced their food with sedatives. In fact, why the [ __ ] does he even need them at all? All that not Fu Manchu really wants is their pendants, which he puts into a statue to produce a magic [ __ ] waterfall map to show the way through the magical [ __ ] forest to get into the magical [ __ ] fairy tale land, which to be honest, I have a lot of questions about anyway. Like, how exactly does that map, which he only sees for a few seconds, translate into actual speed and directional headings on the grounds? Clearly, it's not the sort of thing you can take with you and use on the move. I mean, did he record it on video? Did he memorize it? How is this supposed to work? I mean, back in the '90s, he made his way through the forest without it. So, now you've got me wondering why it's even needed in the first place. If he doesn't really need the waterfall map, then he doesn't need the pendants to activate it. and he certainly doesn't need Shang and strong female character number two. So basically the whole first half of this movie is a complete waste of time. And that's not even mentioning not funny Katie who for some reason is still alive and still in this movie. I cannot begin to express how much these two facts displease me. Anyway, the upshot of all of this is that not Fu Manchu wants to go back to the magical [ __ ] fairy tale land where he believes that his dead wife is being held prisoner behind a big door and kill anyone who stands in his way because he heard a voice in his heads. Well, seems legit to me. Shang and the others are unwilling to help him, so he has them imprisoned. And by imprisoned, I mean put in a different part of his fortress where they're left completely unmonitored and seem to have free reign to move around wherever they want. Are you serious? >> This is some Dr. Evil level of prisoner management right here. What kind of child wrote this [ __ ] Things are looking bad for our gang. But wouldn't you know it, they run into the Mandarin from Iron Man 3 because I guess Ben Kingsley wasn't done humiliating himself enough already. [ __ ] hell, mate. I hope those blood soaked Disney dollars were worth it. The movie really takes its time to have a laugh at his portrayal of the Mandarin, which is kind of weird because he was never meant to be Chinese in that movie to begin with. He was more of an Assama bin Laden imitator, which made a lot more sense given the political climate at the time and Tony's own personal history in Afghanistan. And what's even funnier is that he was actually shaping up to be an interesting modern spin on a classic antagonist. Well, until they [ __ ] ruined him with literal toilet humor. But hey, why let that get in the way of a nice bit of revisionist history. So Ben Kingsley just happens to have a magical [ __ ] pet animal with no head that only he can communicate with and it's willing to show them the way to get through the magical [ __ ] forest so it can return to the magical [ __ ] fairy tale land that it came from. Well, it's a real shame that not Fu Manchu never figured this out. Considering he was the one who captured it and brought it back here, you'd think he might have devoted some time and resources to studying it scientifically, perhaps learning more about its origins and its true nature, but well, apparently not. Also, how exactly is this [ __ ] idiot able to understand its language when he has no connection to the magical [ __ ] fairy tale land and doesn't even speak Chinese, which might be the only human language even vaguely related to it. Don't know. Move on. So, Shang, strong female character number two and not funny Katy, escape from Not Fu Manchu's heavily guarded fortress in a car with almost no effort, make it through the magical [ __ ] forest, and arrive in magical [ __ ] fairy tale land. That's where they run into strong female character number three, who explains that she and her friends are there to guard a portal to uh another dimension where an evil monster got sealed away thousands of years ago. Jesus, how many [ __ ] portals do we need in this movie? Anyway, every so often, humans from our world come through the magical [ __ ] forest to invade the place, and strong female character number three and her buddies have to fight them off, which kind of begs the question, why not just seal the portal off, shut it down, or disable it? Why keep it open if you don't want to have anyone coming through it? At the very least, why isn't the portal constantly guarded with your best warriors and heaviest firepower? Why are you still using medieval weapons when you claim to be part of a super advanced civilization that's light years ahead of anything in our entire universe? Why does your very existence seem to contradict everything you're telling us about yourself? [ __ ] off, film. I've seen kids cartoons with more internal logic than this. So naturally, not Fu Manchu eventually rolls in with his troops who for some reason are armed with ridiculously shitty non-lethal energy weapons that only seem able to fire one shot because clearly if they had automatic infantry weapons, then the entire battle would be over as quickly as they could empty their magazines. So anyway, there's a big old battle which is like two medieval armies fighting each other and not Fu Manchu opens the gateway to release the monster and there's a whole bunch of other monsters flying around and the 10 rings join forces with the magical [ __ ] fairy tale people to fight them off. Then a dragon shows up for some reason and strong female characters two and three do their strong female character thing and not funny Katie nearly kills the world ending final boss with a single arrow because that's apparently a thing you can do. And eventually Shang Chi himself does a magic CGI thing with the 10 rings to kill the final boss and save the day. And then everyone goes home and lives happily ever after. And that's it. That's the plot for Shang Chi and the Lord of the 10 Ferngully rings. You know, it's kind of hard to know where to start with my criticism for this film because, as you probably guessed from my plot synopsis, there's quite a lot of things wrong from a writing point of view. Basically, the story for this film is a series of contrived situations and character choices that either didn't need to happen in the first place or contradict each other when they do. Not Fu Manchu's decision to enlist his kids makes no sense when you realize they both ran away from him previously. Strong female character number two's decision to announce Shangi's arrival makes no sense given her desire to stay hidden. Strong female character number three's decision to leave the portal open goes completely against her mission to guard the magical [ __ ] fairy tale land from foreign invaders. Even not funny Katie's decision to go with Shangi into a dangerous situation she absolutely isn't equipped to deal with comes across as kind of selfish and immature, placing an unnecessary burden of protection on a man who's already way in over his heads. On the subject of not funny Katie, I have to say that she's without doubt the worst aspect of this movie. She's dumb, obnoxious, arrogant, and more insufferable than a Captain Marvel fan convention. I mean, I get that wise cracking sidekicks have always been a thing in movies like this. And in theory, she might have been an endearing character if she wasn't written by talentless morons and portrayed by Aquafina. Seriously, every single time she opens her mouth, it's like my ears are being raped by a dildo made out of sandpaper and chili sauce. She and Chang have absolutely nothing approaching chemistry together. And it's really odd because I don't think they even have a single romantic moment. If you told me that she was gay and he was stranded deep in the friend zone with no hope of rescue, I would absolutely believe you on this one. The inclusion of strong female character number two also feels like a weird choice, diluting and muddying what should have been a pretty streamlined narrative. And a lot of the time it feels like she's doing things that Shang ought to be doing for himself. And I can't shake the feeling that she was included for no other reason than because, well, it's the MCU. And even in a movie with a theoretical male lead, there always has to be an equally important, equally powerful, equally smart female to balance him out. Funny how that particular door never swings the other way, though, eh? Funny how male supporting characters in femaleled movies are almost always portrayed as useless, incompetent, ineffective morons that are just there to be mocked and belittled. Funny how that's considered totally acceptable in today's entertainment landscape. Anyway, I digress. All of this brings me to the weakest aspect of the movie, which is Shang Chi himself. Simply put, this guy is a bit of a black hole of a character with barely an ounce of charisma, screen presence, strength, or competence to his name. Most of the time, he looks and acts like he can't quite believe he's the main character of a story, which is pretty understandable because the script seems to do everything in his power to minimize him at the expense of everyone else. I also totally don't understand how he can go from a goofy, incompetent everyman who sings karaoke with not funny Katy to a kick-ass martial arts fighter with absolutely nothing in between. This guy was trained to be an assassin from 6 years old. He's had every ounce of compassion and mercy hammered out of him. He's basically a Chinese black widow, a living weapon who could kill you as easily as look at you, but he acts like the kind of guy who uses safety scissors to open a packet of crisps. I wanted to see him struggling with his violent past. the conflict between the light and dark sides of his personality, but it's like the writer specifically set out to avoid anything that would make him remotely interesting. The result is a wildly conflicted character that changes from one scene to the next. And I couldn't empathize with him because they never had a sense of who and what he was, never mind what he actually wants out of life. This kind of inconsistency combined with a lack of narrative focus is what ultimately sinks him as a character. Cast your minds back to Tony Stark from Iron Man. The first five minutes of that movie clearly established what kind of guy Tony was, how he saw the world, what his strengths and weaknesses were, and even the irony of his own weapons being used against him. Straight away, you knew who this guy was, what he was about, and you instinctively rooted for him. I never knew who Shangi was or why I should care about him because the writers don't seem to know either. And the thing that makes all of this so frustrating is that deep down, I think there's a good story here. The scenes between Shangi and his father are excellent. The gradual revelation of their shared history makes for strong character building. And I think if the film had ditched some of the forced humor and annoying side characters and just delivered a more streamlined narrative centered on these two, it would have made for a [ __ ] great story. A film that could have explored interesting ideas about family legacy and breaking free of the past. But it lacks the maturity, the creativity, and the storytelling skill to do anything with these promising elements. On a technical level, some of the fight scenes are genuinely great despite the obvious lack of blood. Simu Leo clearly knows what he's doing as a fighter, and it shines through when he's allowed to properly let loose, especially the fight with Death Dealer. Damn, why couldn't this guy have had a bigger role, although you can really tell when he's up against an older or a less experienced actor because the pace drops considerably and the number of mistake hiding jump cuts increases exponentially. [ __ ] knows what the CGI people were up to, though, because a lot of the scenes later in the film look fake as [ __ ] Nothing takes you out of an experience quicker than seeing a character up against a very obvious green screen, and it seems kind of unforgivable in a big budget movie like this. The unfinished CGI combined with the unpolished script and the fragmented story just makes this movie feel rushed and incomplete, like they didn't really have enough time and resources to get it nailed down properly. Ultimately, Shangi is the kind of movie that tries to be all things to all men. And as a result, it ends up pulling itself in a dozen different directions, unable to focus on what's actually important. And in the end, instead of an epic step into an exciting new world, it becomes just another lightweight, expensive piece of Marvel fluff that you're not expected to think about a second longer than it's on screen. And for me, the most frustrating thing of all is that it's a wasted opportunity. The eternal sunshine of the spotless [ __ ] No. No. No. No. [Laughter] Oh, come on. Did you really expect this one to be a [ __ ] hits? Honestly, it's tough to think of an MCU movie with less to recommend it than The Eternals. the latest disastrous outing in a phase four that stumbled out of the gate with Black Widow and fell at the first hurdle with Shang Chi. Neither film managing to make back its budget in theaters. Which brings us to The Eternals, a movie about a bunch of characters nobody's ever heard of, starring a bunch of actors nobody cares about, written by a bunch of people with [ __ ] all accomplishments or qualifications, and directed by someone with a grand total of three films to her name. Not exactly a formula for success. The trailers looked about as much fun as a twoe self-catering holiday in Afghanistan. And holy [ __ ] even the professional shills movie critics turned against it. I guess there's only so much cognitive dissonance they can handle in their tiny minds. Anyway, I'm not here to talk about them. I'm here to give you a fair, no [ __ ] assessment of this movie. So, here it is. The Eternals is a [ __ ] film. a jumbled, unfocused, incoherent, overblown mess of a screenplay that tries to juggle too many characters, too many half-baked ideas, and too many worlds shattering events, lacking the strong direction needed to bring such an epic story to life. It's tonally, logically, and ethically bonkers, veering wildly between heavy drama and goofy humor, and constantly ignoring its own rules and principles. It was an absolute chore to get through and honestly left me questioning what the [ __ ] is going on behind the scenes at Marvel. Anyway, I guess a plot summary of some kind is needed. So, as Tatiana says on a Saturday night, let's get this [ __ ] over with. The Eternals are a group of immortal alien warriors that were sent to Earth thousands of years ago by the Celestials to protect humanity from the Deviants, a race of generic alien monster things that prey on intelligent life. Lucky they never landed in Scotland. there would be [ __ ] all for them to protect. Anyway, with the deviants eventually defeated, the Eternals become kind of guardians to the human race, guiding our development and encouraging cultural and technological progress through the centuries. Why didn't they intervene when Ultron tried to destroy the world or Thanos wiped out half the universe, you ask? Well, apparently they're only allowed to take action when the deviants are involved. >> I uh I think I can smell shite. >> But don't worry, we'll come back to that one later, dear viewer. believe that the group eventually fragments over time and by the present day they've dispersed to the far corners of the worlds, but a spate of deviant attacks forces them to join together once again to combat the new threats. Unfortunately, they discovered that their leader, Ajac, was killed by the deviants, leaving second in command, Cersei, to take control of the group. Wait a minute, Cersei. That's when she discovers their true purpose here on Earth, to facilitate the birth of a new celestial. that's been growing inside the core of the planet for thousands of years. A celestial needs intelligent life to power its growth, which is why the deviants were created in the first place. Their job was to kill the most dangerous predators on Earth, allowing humanity to flourish. But when the deviants rebelled against their masters, the Eternals were sent in to clean up the mess with extreme prejudice. >> Are we the baddies? The upshot of all this pitch is that the Eternals are basically cosmic farmers growing their crops of humans for the celestial to feed on. And now it's harvest time. Naturally, this is bad news for the human race. So, the Eternals are plunged into a race against time to prevent the birth of the new celestial and save the entire planets. But, as it turns out, one of their number may be working against them. If I had to describe the Eternals in one word, I guess my word would be [ __ ] Unfocused. Like a hyperactive kid let loose in a candy store. It's a movie that wants to try a hundred different things all at the same time, but lacks the maturity and common sense needed to properly focus on any of them. There's romance rivalries friendships secrets, betrayals, moral dilemmas, epic historical events, world changing conflicts humor camaraderie emotional trauma. It's far too much to try to cram into one movie. And the result is the interesting possibilities are barely touched upon. Like Sprites, an Eternal that's been trapped in the body of a young girl for thousands of years, cursed with having adult sensibilities and desires, but lacking the physical ability to experience them. Why exactly would you create an Eternal like this? Don't know. or Athena, whose mind is slowly fragmenting under the weight of repressed memories, but eventually just decides, "Nah, it'll be fine." Or the revelation that the deviants are just pawns in a much bigger game, and their only real crime is wanting to live once they've served their purpose. Or the moral dilemma of preventing the birth of a new celestial, which is ultimately needed to create new stars and perpetuate life in the universe. Or the question of removing free will from humanity, resulting in a peaceful but enslaved population. or the dangers of giving humanity access to technology that can be turned into weapons. All of these intriguing ideas are hinted at but never really resolved because there just isn't enough time to do anything with them. And it all adds up to the impression that this movie desperately wants to say big important things but lacks the intelligence and maturity to actually do it. And just like so much of phase 4, the film's internal morality is completely [ __ ] up to facilitate the demands of the story. Like the Eternals are apparently prevented from interfering in the fate of humanity, which is a sloppy way of explaining why they didn't get involved in Endgame. I guess none of them got wiped out by the snap either. Wow, that was lucky. But then at the same time, they're shown introducing revolutionary new technology throughout human history, preventing conflicts, and generally steering humanity onto a more peaceful and prosperous path. How exactly is that okay? But they're not allowed to stop a mad robot from dropping an asteroid on Earth that would wipe out all life on the planets. At the very least, that would surely compromise their mission to grow the world's population and facilitate the birth of the celestial. >> Well, that's definitely shite. >> Ah, maybe Kang planned it this way or something. >> The emotional tone of this film is utterly ridiculous. One minute the gang are mourning the loss of a friend they've known for thousands of years or dealing with the extinction of all life on the planet, and the next they're laughing and joking with each other. It's impossible to take a single thing that happens in this film seriously, which is a bit of a problem because it really wants you to take it seriously. Now, let's talk about diversity and representation. Yeah, this movie's got it. Anyway, moving on. Joking aside, though, while having a diverse cast is certainly no bad thing, it's also not a magical shield you can use to protect your shitty movie from criticism, the real problem with the cast here isn't its diversity, it's the sheer [ __ ] size of it. Back when I reviewed the trailer, I predicted that a movie trying to introduce no fewer than 10 Eternals plus antagonists and supporting characters was going to have a pretty hard time balancing them out and giving them meaningful arcs. And well, I was exactly [ __ ] right. Imagine my shock. Half the cast here could probably be dropped from this movie, and it would have resulted in a much tighter script that could actually focus on something instead of constantly flitting between characters, relationships, and past events in a desperate effort to do the work of five different movies all at once. And it doesn't exactly help that nobody really brought their agame to this one. Richard Madden sleepwalks his way through a role that demands absolutely nothing from him. Icarus is presented as a kind of tragic anti-hero, neither fully good nor bad, but driven by a different worldview from the others, but it's tough to care much about him when he's not particularly interesting as a hero or threatening as a villain. Angelina Jolie and Salma Hayak are the veterans of the cast. They're both talented actors, which is pretty disappointing because the film does [ __ ] all with them. Hi on screen for a grand total of 5 minutes and doesn't really seem to understand what's happening around her while Jolie delivers a disinterested performance as Athena. She was quite the action star back in the day, but now she's 46 years old and she looks frail and tired and bored with the material she's been given. But probably the worst offender here is Gemma Chan as Cersei, the theoretical protagonist of the movie. A film like this demands a strong, compelling central character played by a competent actor. But Cersei is neither of those things. She's an absolute nothing burger that doesn't get nearly enough screen time or character development. And it doesn't help that Chan displays all the charisma and screen presence of a soggy loaf of bread. I had no idea who this woman was or what drove her. And pretty soon I didn't [ __ ] care. Anyway, all of these problems are capped off with lifeless, apathetic direction from Khloe Zhao, who proves once again that taking an inexperienced art house director with a handful of low-budget films to their name and expecting them to direct a $200 million superhero movie is a bit like taking an amateur yachtsman and asking him to command a [ __ ] aircraft carrier. The scope and scale of the Eternals is clearly way beyond Zho's ability to control, and most of the time it just seems to drift aimlessly from one uninspired setpiece to the next without an ounce of energy or imagination to propel it along. The action bounces from one corner of the planet to another as they try to reconnect with other Eternals. But honestly, it just feels like an excuse to work in some nice landscape shots. There's no real sense of time or place to any of it and absolutely no urgency. The [ __ ] planet's about to get destroyed, and these [ __ ] are just mooching around, having leisurely dinners, and talking about their feelings. Who the [ __ ] approved this movie? The end result of this depressing combination of unfocused script, bloated cast, lackluster performances, half-baked ideas, and weak direction is a stale, meandering, formulaic, and crushingly dull movie that doesn't seem to know why it exists or what it wants to do. And to be honest, I'm at a loss to explain it either. It's further proof that the MCU is pretty much a spent force creatively drifting without a sense of purpose or direction and lurching from one disastrous movie to another. It's been a fun 10 years, but the fun's very much over now. And maybe it's time to move on to something more entertaining, like [ __ ] Break Fluid. Spider Boy. We really need better titles for our movies. It was the best of times. It was the worst of times. It was the age of wisdom. It was the age of foolishness. It was the epoch of belief. It was the epoch of incredility. It was the season of light. It was the season of darkness. It was the spring of hope. It was the winter of despair. I've made no secret of the fact that I consider the MCU to be pretty much a spent force creatively, a big lumbering juggernaut, still coasting on the momentum of the Infinity Saga, becoming increasingly bogged down in divisive identity politics and trying in vain to launch a new lineup of bland, unimaginative, forgettable superheroes. Black Widow was an absolute dumpster fire that gave a beloved legacy character the most ignaminious sendoff since Luke Skywalker. Shangi was a dull, forgettable fantasy with all the personality of a vanilla ice cream with no [ __ ] flake in it. While The Eternals was a ridiculous, convoluted mess made by a director completely out of her depth that sank under the weight of its own self-importance. And as for the TV shows, don't even get me [ __ ] started on them. >> You've got to do better, Senator. You've got to step up. But then, right at the tail end of a pretty depressing year in cinema, along came a spider and totally [ __ ] changed everything. Spider-Man: No Way Home is good. Really [ __ ] good. >> No way. >> Are you serious? >> I know. I'm just as shocked as you are. In fact, a few months ago, I never could have imagined that I'd be singing the praises of an MCU movie. least of all one of the most lightweight, safe, and cookie cutter heroes of all, Tom Holland Spider-Man. But credit where credit's due, and believe me, this movie deserves a [ __ ] ton of it. It's been a really [ __ ] long time since I've walked out of a movie theater, absolutely buzzing at what I've just seen, riding the emotional high that comes from experiencing something truly special. No Way Home does the seemingly impossible by giving us a Spider-Man movie with actual stakes and consequences, genuine drama and paos, satisfying emotional payoffs, and the possibility of redemption. Not just for some of the most dangerous villains, but also for a Spider-Man that never got the opportunity he deserved. Now, out of respect for this movie, I'm going to keep my plot summary pretty brief. There's going to be a few spoilers, of course, because it's pretty much impossible to review without giving a few things away. So, if you absolutely don't want to know anything about this film, you should probably wait until you've seen it first. Anyway, the plot picks up right after the events of Far From Home. Peter's been unmasked as Spider-Man and framed for the death of Mysterio. Although he escapes prosecution, his global infamy makes him a divisive figure to the point where it starts to [ __ ] things up for Ned and MJ. Out of desperation, he seeks out Doctor Strange and asks him to come up with a magic spell that will make everyone forget who he really is and undo the damage he's caused. Unfortunately, the spell goes tits up and opens up cracks in his reality, allowing villains from alternate realities to cross over into Peter's worlds. Before you know it, he's battling classic antagonists like Doc O and the Green Goblin without knowing who the [ __ ] they are or why they're trying to kill him. Anyway, the upshot here is that Strange wants to return them to their own realities, knowing that most of them are destined to get killed in battle with their respective spidermen. Peter, on the other hand, believes he can help them first, curing them of whatever ailments turned them evil and perhaps changing their fates before they go back. It's an admirable goal, but unfortunately, not all of them are so receptive to his help with tragic consequences. Outnumbered and shattered by a personal loss, Peter's in no condition to take on some of the most dangerous enemies that Spider-Man's ever faced. Well, not until he receives some help from an unlikely source. Actually, two unlikely sources. But with Doctor Strange's failed magic spell threatening to undermine all of reality, Peter may just be forced to sacrifice everything he knows to set things right. One of my big criticisms of the MCU Spider-Man films has been their lack of emotional weight, tangible stakes, and real life consequences. Previous versions of the character really had to struggle with the personal costs of being a hero. Whether it was failed relationships, missed career opportunities, or personal tragedies, whatever it might be, they really underscored the key message that being a hero isn't just about defeating the bad guy and living happily ever after. It's a life that demands great personal sacrifices, and the fact that Peter was willing to do it without getting any real praise or recognition really highlighted the strength of his character. But those vital elements were depressingly absent in the MCU. This version of Peter lives in a nice house in the suburbs. He's got a loyal best friend and a growing relationship with MJ, who quickly figures out and accepts his true identity. He even has a fancy new high-tech suit courtesy of Tony Stark. And well, it all just felt a bit too safe, too comfortable and easy, like a serialized TV show where the characters get into a new adventure each week without any long-term changes to their situation. But that [ __ ] goes right out the window here. Believe me, this is very much a movie where Peter's choices have real consequences for him, where he's not able to conveniently save everyone and where he'll come face to face with the true cost of being a hero. It's great [ __ ] stuff and an absolute joy to see what Tom Holland can do when he's given decent material to get stuck into. For the first time, I was actually invested in his version of Peter. I empathized with his losses. I cheered him on in his struggles, and I felt genuinely bad for the guy when I realized what he'd have to give up. Tonally, this movie feels much more in line with the Sam Ramy trilogy than the other two MCU films, which is [ __ ] ideal because Remy came closest to understanding the character and his place in the worlds. And there's no way I could do this review without talking about the other two Spider-Man because let's be honest, the prospect of seeing Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield reprise their roles again was pretty much the main selling point of this movie for most people. And I'm happy to say they absolutely hit a home run with this one, giving them both smart, sensitive, and respectful character arcs that don't just stay consistent with who they were before, they actually build on it in a logical and satisfying way. Toby Maguire was always going to be the Spider-Man for me. So, I'm not ashamed to say that he was the one I was most excited to see again. And damn, considering he hasn't played the character in nearly 15 years, he's barely missed a beat. Yeah, he's older now and he's a bit rusty at first, but he fits comfortably into the role of a more mature and experienced Peter who's very much been there and done that without losing sight of who he really is. And when it's time to put on the suit again, he's still more than capable of kicking ass. Damn, imagine a hero who's older but still capable, optimistic, and true to himself. The movie gives him some funny and poignant moments, especially in the finale. So, I was more than happy with how they treated him. But for me, the man of the match has got to go to Andrew Garfield. There's not many people who consider him their favorite Spider-Man, and his own run was cut short by the failure of the second movie. But holy [ __ ] does he redeem himself here. He's forged a pretty successful career as a serious dramatic actor. So, it would have been easy for him to turn down a role like this, or even worse, phone in some half-ass performance for a quick and easy payday. But, it's the total opposite here. He's really going for it. You can practically feel how excited and happy he is to be playing Peter again. And the result is that he's a better Spider-Man here than he was in his own [ __ ] movies. This version of Peter is still haunted by the death of Gwen Stacy. He's begun to stray down a darker and more vengeful path. And it's only by learning from the other two that he's able to let go of his guilt and grief. And holy [ __ ] there's a scene right near the end where all of that comes together into one beautiful moment where he finally gets to do the one thing he never could before. As happy as I was to see Maguire back again, ultimately he got his trilogy and didn't really need redemption here. Andrew Garfield, on the other hand, finally got a chance to put things right, showing us a little glimpse of what might have been. And I couldn't be happier for the guy. Watching all three of them interact, comparing their powers and experiences is a dream come true for most comic book fans. And it's made even better because all three men have genuinely good chemistry together. You can tell that they're having fun. They're happy to be there, and they enjoy playing off each other. It's the same deal with the antagonists, who all slip back into their roles like comfortable old gloves. Alfred Molina is pitch perfect as Doc O, courtesy of a little digital deaging that's absolutely flawless. He's smart and articulate and proves to be both a dangerous enemy and a useful ally. Just like Garfield, Jaime Fox gets the chance to redeem himself after the debacle of Spider-Man 2. This version of Electro is much more menacing and power- hungry than before and gets to pose a genuine threat for once, but the star of the show has got to be William Defoe as Norman Osborne. [ __ ] me, you'd never think it had been 20 years since he'd played this role. The guy never misses a beat. He's able to swing from regretful and compassionate to malicious and evil in the blink of an eye, and the final battle between him and Spider-Man is a perfect example of emotional payoff over flashy action, proving once again that less is more. Jesus Christ, even MJ looks, talks, and acts like an actual human being this time around instead of a socially challenged Martian that's been temporarily put in charge of a human body. Christmas truly is the time of miracles. When I think about how much I enjoyed No Way Home and what I liked so much about it, I can't shake the feeling that despite all the flashy action scenes and snarky dialogue, this doesn't really feel like a currentyear Marvel movie. There's no clumsy social commentary, no divisive political posturing, no overpowered and completely unlikable strong female characters, and no mean-spirited deconstruction of legacy heroes and villains. Like Homecoming and Far From Home, this movie was a joint production between Disney and Sony, but it really feels like Sony had a bigger hand in it this time around. And if that's the case, then I'm all in with that [ __ ] There's something wonderfully old-fashioned about this film and its approach to storytelling that reminded me of a time when movies united rather than divided people. It reminded me that superhero films are actually allowed to be fun and magical and uplifting, that they can be an escape from the cares and worries of the real world for a few hours, that they can still make people feel goods. It's almost like when you stop trying to push the message and just concentrate on telling a good [ __ ] story, people respond to it. I don't know if this movie represents a turning of the tide or if it's just an isolated incident that will be quickly gone and forgotten, but honestly, if anyone in Hollywood still cares about entertaining their audiences and making money, then they do very well to follow the example set by No Way Home. As for me, I [ __ ] loved it and I give it a wholehearted recommendation. Doctor Bizarre and the Multiverse of Blandness. Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is a visually stunning movie from the master of the horror, comedy, and superhero genres with a talented cast of actors delivering great performances and some genuinely awesome set pieces. It's without a doubt one of the most unique and inventive movies in the entire MCU. The only problem is that the script's a [ __ ] convoluted, inconsistent, fragmented mess that's handcuffed to the increasingly disjointed MCU overarching story, discredits characters that used to be smart and likable, and doesn't seem to know how to resolve the big ideas that it tries to grapple with. In short, watching this movie is a bit like watching a top flight racing team trying to win a Grand Prix with a Ford Escort. Everyone's trying their hardest to make it work, but all the talent and creative flare in the world just can't compensate for a shitty story. Allow me to enlighten you. The movie kicks off with a Doctor Strange from another universe trying to protect a girl who's the key to everything from a big magical demon thing while racing to recover a magical book that's the key to everything. Unfortunately, the demon gets the better of him, but the girl who's the key to everything opens a portal at the last second that sucks them through into our dimension. That's when she runs into our Doctor Strange, who helps to fight off a big squid monster thing that follows her through and saves her life. Then they go out for breakfast together. Why? Don't know. Anyway, after [ __ ] around and wasting time by being pointlessly vague and evasive, she finally explains that her name is America Chavez. Look, she even wears the stars and stripes on her denim jacket. Anyway, so Puerto Rico Chavez is being hunted by persons unknown because of her ability to travel from one universe to another. Anyone who's able to gain control of her power could theoretically dominate all of time and space across the entire multiverse. Needless to say, they have to prevent that from happening. So, they take her to Kamatage for safekeeping, while Strange meets up with Wanda Maximoff to ask for her help. Oh, and as a little side note, Strange is totally cool with the fact that she basically enslaved an entire town and psychologically tortured the inhabitants for weeks because apparently she made everything right in the end. [ __ ] off, film. She only gave up because she was [ __ ] forced to. Also, these people are absolutely going to be in therapy for the rest of their lives. Anyway, wouldn't you know it, Wanda has fully turned into Scarlet Witch now, and she's the person that's been trying to capture Nicaragua Chavez because she wants to travel into a different universe where the kids that she magicked into existence in Wision actually exist for real because she's still sad about Vision dying and just really wants to be a mom. I guess, you know, I have a few questions about this situation. If Wanda's still grieving for the death of Vision, which she certainly claims to be, then shouldn't her real priority be finding another reality where he's still alive, why is she suddenly so obsessed with reuniting with the children that never even existed and totally doesn't give a [ __ ] about the man who actually did exist? Also, if there's other realities where they do exist, then who the [ __ ] is their dad's? It's not Vision, that's for sure, because he's a [ __ ] robot. So, who else could it be? Also, the kids that she's obsessed with having for her own look to be about 10 years old now, which means she would had to miss out on 10 entire years of their lives. And if she just wants to have kids and doesn't give a [ __ ] about vision, then all she really needs to do is put herself on Tinder or something. Damn, man. She'd have guys queuing around the block within a matter of hours. Also, how exactly was Scarlet Witch able to target and hunt down Costa Rica Chavez across the multiverse at the start of the movie when she hasn't yet developed the ability to project herself between universes yet? Why did she send this stupid squid monster thing to capture her in New York when it would have made a lot more sense for her to go by herself? Why wasn't her opening gambit to approach Guatemala Chavez and just politely ask her to send her into a different universe? I mean, based on what little I know about her, she seems like a reasonable enough person. There's a pretty good chance she'd be willing to help Wanda out of sheer compassion. But nah, squid monsters are apparently the first step in establishing a good working relationship. The movie also makes the point that she'd have to kill the existing Wanda in the new universe so that she could take over her life and kids. I mean, ignoring the fact that you'd then have two Scarlet Witches of equal power facing off against each other, probably resulting in massive collateral damage, it doesn't even need to [ __ ] happen in the first place. There's probably millions of realities where that Wanda's dead and her kids have been left behind as orphans. So, that seems like a much more logical solution to me. I reckon Strange would even be happy to help with something like that. Anyway, whatever. The point is that Wanda wants to get her hands on Venezuela Chavez and Strange just went and told her where she's being held. >> An imbecile. >> Yeah, like the dumbest [ __ ] that ever lived. >> Oh, Strange, you silly sausage. You know, I can't help but feel that the Doctor Strange from previous movies would never have been this gullible. But don't worry, we'll talk more about that later. Also, if he has the ability to open portals to anywhere on Earth, why can't he just drop Wanda into the middle of a [ __ ] volcano or the bottom of the Mariana's Trench or trap her in the Earth's core or something? This is what happens when you introduce more and more powers and abilities into your fictional world without really thinking about the long-term implications. I mean, [ __ ] man. If the Avengers now have the ability to travel through time, then basically anything bad that ever happens now can be undone with the press of a button. Nah, never mind. I guess none of that stuff counts now. So Wanda goes to Kamatage and kills everyone there with absolutely minimal effort. And then Honduras Chavez escapes with Strange into a different universe. It's here that they have to figure out a way to stop Wanda and get everything back on track. And for this, they're going to need the book of Vicans, which is basically the book that's the key to everything. And conveniently enough, there's only one [ __ ] copy of it in the whole of existence that's been left outside of time and space. Not like the [ __ ] Darkhold, which exists in every [ __ ] universe and is infinitely more dangerous, but nah. Okay, fine. But as they soon discover, the alternate Avengers in this new universe, who are now called the Illuminati, for some reason, aren't exactly willing to help them. For some reason, they keep thinking that Doctor Strange is the biggest threat to their reality and totally ignore the fact that Wanda is literally here to kill everyone. That's okay, though, because Wanda conveniently shows up and well, kills everyone. Strange gets the book that's the key to everything, but then Wanda sets it on fire and takes Bolivia Chavez to Mount Doom so that she can suck her multiverse powers out of her. But then Strange goes to another universe and fights an evil Strange so that he can steal another magic book from him and then uses it to take control of a dead zombie Strange in our universe so he can fight Wanda. Are you still with me on this one? Then Peruvian Chavez discovers the magical ability to punch things really hard. But it all turns out to be for nothing because W's too stunning and brave for any of them to beat. But eventually she realizes that it's kind of a bad thing to go around indiscriminately murdering people and decides to collapse Mount Doom on her own [ __ ] head. And then everything goes back to normal. And that's it. That's the plot for the Wanda Maximoff Memorial Tour. What a bizarre and conflicted mess this film is. I mean, I guess it makes sense to start with the positives and go from there. From a visual standpoint, there's some absolutely stunning reality bending sequences that really showcase what thousands of computer animators working in tandem can accomplish. Sometimes it goes a bit over the score and throws so much [ __ ] at your eyes that you can barely even process what you're seeing. But generally speaking, this film is rarely short on interesting things to look at, apart from Wanda's costume perhaps, which is distinctly less interesting than it used to be. Performances are generally excellent. Most of the heavy lifting has to be done by Benedict Cumberbatch and Elizabeth Olsen, and neither one of them drops the ball. They're both experienced pros who know exactly what they're doing, and Olsen, in particular, has some standout moments despite the weak material she's got to work with. It's been almost 10 years since Sam Ramy directed a big budget movie, and the world has absolutely been poorer for it. Everyone was pumped to see what he could do with a modern-day Marvel flick, and to be honest, I'm still kind of waiting to find out. I mean, don't get me wrong, there's awesome little moments of rainess that managed to break through the heavy blanket of MCU conformity that smothers the entire film. But really, all they do is highlight how little of his personality and style was actually allowed in. He teases moments of gore, horror, and the goofy physical comedy that made his early movies so awesome, but it's never really allowed to come into its own, and it's such a shame. Combine this with the rumors of extensive re-shoots, and it leaves me wondering how much of the original movie actually made it to the screen. [ __ ] me, the mind boggles at what an R-rated Remy version of Doctor Strange could have been. I've bitched plenty of times about the homogenized, formulaic nature of MCU movies today, and how bringing all of these guest directors in feels like kind of a waste of talent. most of the time. I mean, Khloe Zho proved with Nomad Land that she was really good at taking static shots of pretty landscapes, but can you honestly say that any of that translated into the Eternals? Or like Sam Remy, was she just another interesting name to slap into a standardized MCU property that was basically directed by the studio themselves? I mentioned before that this film really does its characters a disservice, and it all starts with Strange himself. Up until recently, he's been completely defined by his wisdom and intellect. A man who sees further than others, who perceives the world in terms of long-ranging cause and effect, and who's willing to make difficult choices for the greater goods. No Way Home made him inexplicably reckless and shortsighted. And this film continues the unwelcome trend. Now he's weirdly gullible and trusting, giving away vital information to people that he shouldn't confide in, and letting his guard down around people that he absolutely shouldn't trust. Why? so the rest of the plot can happen. Basically, there's a real throughine in this movie that Strange's selfish pursuit of power and personal gratification has [ __ ] things up in basically every other universe. And there's this weird attempt to mirror this against Wanda's own pursuit of personal happiness. >> You're an amazing creature, Spider-Man. You and I are not so different. >> The only problem is that they absolutely [ __ ] are. They're driven by completely different objectives, and one's willing to kill anyone who gets in their way, while the other will do everything possible to save innocent lives. [ __ ] off, film. They're absolutely not the same. Stop trying to demonize the hero and drum up fake sympathy for the villain. Speaking of which, another big problem here is Wanda. I've always had a bit of an issue with her on a purely mechanical level because I generally hate characters with vague, poorly defined magic powers. They tend to become a convenient crutch for lazy writers because they can do whatever the story needs them to and nobody can really question it. I mean, it's magic. Anything can happen. But even magic should still conform to some kind of rules and limitations. Now, Wanda can evade absolutely any trap, overcome any defense, and defeat any opponent with the powers of her mind. And even that makes no [ __ ] sense. Like, the movie can't even hold to its own internal consistency. Like at one point she's pitched against another universe's version of the Avengers and she's able to kill one of them by basically tearing his body apart and vaporizing him with a single look. But then another one she engages in hand-to-hand combat like this is [ __ ] American Gladiators or something. If you can kill people with a single look then why would you ever bother doing anything else? Another thing that really pisses me off about Wanda is the absolutely ridiculous arguments she tries to make to justify her actions that absolutely no one ever seems to call her out on. Like at one point, Strange challenges her on the morality of murdering an innocent child just so she can live out a fantasy version of her own life in a different reality. I mean, I guess we'll forget about the hundreds of other people she's murdered by this point because I guess they don't count as people. But anyway, her response to this is, and I kid you not, yeah, so you gave the power stone to Thanos, so you're totally no better than me. Are you serious? >> What the [ __ ] kind of [ __ ] argument is that? He gave the power stone to Thanos because it was literally the only option out of millions of possible realities that would allow them to defeat him and save the entire universe. Not to mention sacrificing his own life in the process. How is that in any way comparable to what you're doing here? Who the [ __ ] wrote this garbage? And it's not the first time that she's pulled this kind of [ __ ] either. It's like in Wanda Vision where she faces off against evil white capitalist patriarchy representative and he politely asks her to release the town full of innocent people that she's taken hostage and then she says this. >> You've taken an entire town hostage. >> Well, I'm not the one with the guns, director. >> He's pointing guns at you because you took an entire town full of innocent people hostage. Do you literally not understand cause and effect here? Seriously, why does nobody ever call her out on this [ __ ] Is it because they're all afraid of her or because the writers are too [ __ ] stupid to come up with a logical rebuttal to the ridiculous situations they put her in? I'll let you decide. But probably the weakest aspect of the whole movie for me is the central mcguffin, Colombia Chavez. Mostly because the film does absolutely nothing with her. After two [ __ ] hours of screen time, I couldn't tell you a single thing about this girl beyond what she can do. I don't know what kind of personality she has. I don't know what she wants or what she fears. I don't know what she likes or dislikes because the movie gives me absolutely nothing. All she really does is run around looking mildly scared and she [ __ ] struggles to even do that because let's be real here. The actress is about as enthusiastic as me at an AA meeting. Jesus Christ, girl, this is the biggest gig of your entire career. You could at least look like you want to be there. There's also really weird moments like when Mexico Chavez complains about our world being greedy and capitalistic because people have to pay for things like food instead of just taking whatever they want for free. like they do in most other realities. I mean, how does that even work? How do restaurants operate? Do the chefs slave away in a hot kitchen all day because they just love cooking food? If this film is trying to push the message, then it's doing it in such a nonsensical way that I don't even understand the point it's trying to make. All of this stuff adds up to a movie that I could best describe as the quintessential MCU flick at this point. Lots of bright colors and exciting visuals, some good acting and directing, and a plot that only makes sense as long as you don't think about it too much. I mean, [ __ ] there's definitely worse things out there. And if I had to compare it to the rest of phase 4, it's definitely better than brain dead garbage like Black Widow, Shangi, or The Eternals, but man, Multiverse of Madness is a frustrating movie. It's frustrating because there's so much talent and potential behind it. And if only the writing had been a bit more focused and consistent, it could have been absolutely spectacular. As it stands, it's really just a big budget, over-the-top sequel to Wonder Division that does very little to advance an MCU that seems to be drifting aimlessly with no real goal in mind. And if they don't know where the [ __ ] they're going, then why should I care? Thor Love and Chunder. Thor Love and Thunder is the gayest Marvel movie yet. Written and directed by a man with the mind of a seven-year-old. And that's not even my take on the movie. That's what the people responsible for selling it to us are saying. I mean, really, if that doesn't get our season seats, then I just don't know what will. You flip too hard. Damn it. That being said, if I was asked to sum this film up, I'd say that it's an uneven mess of a movie with contrived and deeply flawed storylines. Visuals that looked like a unicorn suffered about of explosive diarrhea over the screen, dialogue that indulges all the worst excesses of its predecessor, a cast of actors that are either way too good for this film or way too [ __ ] for any film, and an emotional tone that veers wildly from one extreme to the other, like me trying to drive home after two bottles of Jack Daniels. Allow me to illuminate you. Oh, and I'm going to be spoiling the plot here, so consider yourself warned. The movie begins sometime after the events of Endgame. Thor's now out exploring the galaxy with the Guardians. He's back in shape again, and he's finally ready to be the hero he was always meant to be. Except he isn't. Imagine my shock. It turns out that he's lost his passion for battle and adventure. So, he quits the Guardians to go and find himself for whatever. How very millennial of him. Anyway, wouldn't you know it, he gets a distress call from Cyph. You remember Cify, don't you? >> Pathetic. >> It turns out that she got her ass handy to her by Gore, the god killer, who's sworn to destroy all the gods in the universe. And his next target is New Asgard on Earth. >> No way. >> Wow. What are the odds? E. Speaking of new Asgard, Valkyrie is now king, which makes no sense to me because you can't be a king if you're not a man. But whatever. The point is, her job isn't exactly the non-stop thrill ride that she'd hope for. Basically, she's just a bureaucrat mired in red tape and pointless meetings she doesn't care about. Unfortunately, Tessa Thompson is able to convey this emotion perfectly. Luckily, Jane Foster shows up to brighten her day. And by brighten, I mean beg for help. See, it turns out that Jane's got cancer and she only has a few months to live. So, she's hoping the Asgardians can use their advanced technology to help her out. But oh no, then Gore shows up to attack the place. And then Thor shows up to stop him. And there's a big old fight. And Molner reforges itself to transform Jane into CGI Natalie Port person because apparently having a terminal illness somehow makes you worthy of wielding it. >> Yes, I can definitely smell shite. >> Uh, sure. Okay. Wait, you're telling me that Molner could reforge itself whenever it wanted? because that would have saved Thor an awful lot of time and effort in Infinity War and might actually have prevented the snap altogether. Ah, it must have been Kang's will or something. So, they managed to fight off Gore and his army, but oh no, he takes some Asgardian children hostage. Clearly, the gang need to rescue them, but in order to do that, they're going to have to recruit some help. So, Thor, Corg, Valkyrie, and CGI Natalie Port person travel to the uh God planet where most of the gods of the universe just kind of hang out. I love how it's totally not confusing that this story has three main characters named Thor, Gore, and Corg. >> Not a great plan. >> So, they find Zeus and ask for his help, but he's like, "Nah, it'll be fine." I also love how he strips Thor butt naked in front of the entire city, and it's just treated as a big old joke that we should laugh at. Because if this had happened to Valkyrie or CGI Natalie Port, it would have been treated as some horrifying traumatic experience that we should have been outraged about. Equality is a funny thing, isn't it? Anyway, since the other gods apparently don't give a [ __ ] about self-preservation, Thor and the others head to the shadow realm to fight Gore by themselves. But it turns out it was just a big old trap. You see, what Gore really wanted was to get his hands on Stormbreaker so that he could use the Bifrost to open a portal to the center of the universe where a giant mcguffin thing will grant one wish for the first person to get there. Well, that's a convenient setup. Anyway, Gore the god killer wants to uh kill all the gods in the universe because apparently one of them let his daughter get killed. Imagine not taking a personal interest in one particular life out of uncountable trillions throughout the universe. You know, I've got a few questions about this one. If the Bifrost allows you to get to the giant mcguffin thing and have your wish granted, then how come nobody else has ever gone there before? Why did Thor and the others not use it to get there first and wish for the power to stop Gore or for Gore to drop dead or to have never even existed in the first place? You see the problems it creates when you introduce a mechanism that allows literally anything to happen? Why didn't Thanos kill Thor and use this thing to fulfill his plan instead of doing all that Infinity Stone crap? What does Kang the Conqueror think about all this? How many CGI artists did it take to animate Natalie Port's arms? Ah, who [ __ ] cares? So they go to the shadow realm and fight Gore, but he totally kicks their ass. So Thor turns the kids into mini Thors because apparently that's a thing that he can do. Again, I might suggest that this kind of skill would have been a great use fighting Thanos, but whatever. Then CGI Natalieport person uses the last of her power to break Gore's evil demon sword before deciding that she's too awesome for this world and dies. Goodbye CGI Natalie port person. It's been well, it's been real. Then Thor convinces Gourd to use his wish to bring his dead daughter back to life instead of killing all the gods in the universe. By George, he's a genius. So, his daughter comes back to life and then he dies and Thor agrees to look after her and then everything goes back to normal again. And that's it. That's the plot for Love and Thunder. You know, one of my big takeaways from this film was that it really exposes Taikoiti as a one-trick pony when it comes to setting the emotional tone. His trademark style of showing dark and serious events through a light-hearted comedic lens was undeniably effective in Jojo Rabbit because that film was viewed from the perspective of a small child who couldn't rationalize things any other way. It worked again to a lesser extent in Ragnarok, mostly because after the stodgy self-important seriousness of Dark World, it was refreshing to see Thor in what was basically a goofy buddy comedy. But the thing is, that's the kind of card you can only really play once. Love and Thunder isn't a story told from a child's point of view. And making it all into a joke isn't new or fun anymore. What it is is tired and played out, like an aging rock star half-heartedly performing his greatest hits because it's what's expected of him. Even the jokes and dialogue aren't particularly good this time around, feeling forced and labored rather than breezy and effortless. And Jesus Christ, at least Ragnarok gave its scenes a little breathing room. When Odin died, it felt impactful because the movie was smart enough to hold off on the jokes for a while and let the emotions sink in. But here, almost every serious scene has to be undercut by some goofy joke or witty put down. It's like trying to deliver the eulogy at your grand's funeral while some drunken [ __ ] lights his farts on fire in the background. And believe me, we've all been there. And what's frustrating is that there's plenty of fertile ground for serious dramatic moments in this movie. Gore's introduction in the first few minutes of the film hit particularly hard and almost lured me into believing this was going to be more than just a breezy action movie with comedic overtones. It's the same story with Jane's cancer, which is presented as more of a thorny problem to be solved rather than a tragic countdown to her inevitable demise. There's no hint of the anger or sadness that a relatively young person would feel at having their life cut short. None of the existential dread of being suddenly confronted with your own mortality. She's as chipper and optimistic while dying of a terminal illness as she was when we met her a decade earlier. And it just feels wrong somehow. Like this [ __ ] deserves more than just a fleeting mention. There's an almost frantic desperation to turn everything into a joke. And it just feels cheap. It's the same with the visuals, which take everything from Ragnarok and dial it up to 11. Visually, Love and Thunder is a film that I could best describe as an assault upon the senses, and not in a good way. It's so overdone and oversaturated that it was actually starting to give me a headache at times. And if you need an example of this, just take a look at Thor's outfit. It's like it was colored in by a small child that's just discovered crayons for the first time. Much like the emotional tone, the performances are all over the place. On the plus side, Chris Hemsworth delivers his usual easygoing charm and likability as Thor. He's been doing this [ __ ] forever, no matter what kind of ridiculous nonsense the scripts throw at him. And he wears the character like a comfortable old glove at this point. And if there's some kind of award in the movie industry for being a good sport, then Hemsworth absolutely deserves it. He's basically portrayed as a bumbling buffoon for most of the film, constantly [ __ ] things up, trying and failing to have big, grandiose heroic moments, and generally acting like a total parody of everything he once was. I know you like your comedy, Taika, but honestly, do you have to mock every single facet of this character? Christian Bale is probably the highlight of the movie for me, bringing a serious, focused intensity and an element of tragedy to gore that feels like it belongs in a whole other movie. He commands the screen whenever he's around. He's got an understandable goal that he's working towards. And the finale even offers an element of redemption for him. Weirdly, the film even dares to offer a somewhat positive view of fatherhood, portraying him as a loving dad willing to sacrifice his own life for his daughter. At the other end of the spectrum, Tessa Thompson defiantly continues her strategy of upward failure in Hollywood, delivering every single line of dialogue like the actors are doing a read through for the very first time. Honestly, I'm starting to wonder if this is some kind of epic piss take from her and YT, like they're trying to see how bad they can get before someone has the balls to call her out on it. Not that the script asks much from her anyway. She's barely in the movie, and even when she's in a scene, she spends most of her time standing around in the background, making it pretty obvious the writers couldn't think of anything for her character to do. There's also Corg, who's basically Taikoiti's excuse for being in the movie, hence the excessive amount of screen time he gives him. Well, you're awfully generous to yourself, aren't you, Tao? He was tolerable enough as a oneshot deal in Ragnarok, but now the asshole's [ __ ] everywhere, proving the point that you absolutely can have too much of a good thing. And I can't shake the feeling that it's nothing more than YT's ego getting the better of him. And as for CGI Natalie Port person, well, she's definitely in the movie. I can say that much. It's pretty common knowledge that she left the franchise after Dark World because she was bored of playing Jane Foster and only agreed to come back for the money. The chance to do something different with the character. The movie plays just about every trick in the book to get you to like her and portray her as Thor's equal in every way, even though he's been fighting and training for thousands of years. And Hemsworth is literally twice her size. She looks kind of awkward and uncomfortable in her bulky armor. She can't fight in any meaningful way. And overall, watching her try to play a goddess of thunder is about as believable as watching Brie Larson trying to act like a realistic human being. On the plus side, they at least had the balls to kill her off, which genuinely surprised me considering how much emphasis they put on her in the trailers. Although in retrospect, trying to launch her as a replacement for Thor when Portman herself is three years older than Hemsworth wouldn't make a whole lot of sense. No long-term franchise potential there, Disney. Her role is more of a passing the torch kind of situation, rounding out her character arc and letting her go out on a high note rather than just vanishing from the narrative like before. Interestingly enough, neither of these strong female characters are used to humiliate Thor like in Ragnarok. There's no particular girl boss moments where they totally outshine him, berate him, or make him look generally useless and incompetent. He can do all that by himself. Thank you very much. Seriously though, both characters kind of get their asses kicked by Gore, leaving Thor to more or less save the day single-handeds. Don't worry though, by the end of the movie, there's a younger and probably cheaper strong female character waiting in the wings to become the new Thor once Hemsworth eventually stands down. Ultimately, Love and Thunder feels like a bit of an exercise in treading water, taking its main character on a loud and colorful adventure that basically puts him right back where he was at the beginning. It's a perfect example of a franchise mired in its own inertia, recycling old ideas, and rehashing previously successful strategies, meandering forward with no sense of direction or clear reason for why it even still exists. And it proves once and for all that even a winning hand can only be played so many times. Black Panther 2: SH's revenge. You don't need some [ __ ] like me to tell you that Black Panther was one of the biggest success stories in the entire MCU, helped in no small part by a stellar cast of extremely talented actors, a prime slot at the tail end of the Infinity Saga when the momentum of the franchise was virtually unstoppable. I mean, Jesus, if Captain Marvel could make over a billion dollars, then I think we can safely conclude that people were willing to watch pretty much anything with the Marvel name slapped on it. Not to mention a powerful socopolitical movement that for some reason decided to make this movie its chosen champion, much to Disney's nondismay. Either way, whatever its objective merits, Black Panther was a smash hit with critics and audiences alike. The question is, what happens when you take away all those vital props and advantages and replace them with nothing at all? Well, you end up with Wakanda Forever, a bloated, preachy, tedious self-important clumsily written mess of a film with an uninspiring protagonist, a tenuous plot, ridiculous action sequences, highly questionable morality, and the most boring, forgettable MCU villain since this guy. And apart from a couple of genuinely poignant and heartwarming scenes at the very start and end, it made me feel absolutely nothing. Well, apart from mild boredom and irritation. In short, just as I said on my stream the other day, Wakanda Forever is to Black Panther what Wonder Woman 1984 was to its predecessor. Both movies are proof that you can't catch lightning in a bottle, especially when your bottle's completely broken. Anyway, let's get the plot summary over with. And I apologize in advance for the lack of relevant footage on this one, but let's be real here. The film's just out, and it's basically impossible to put anything comprehensive in without getting a copyright strike. But such is life. So, the movie opens with Shuri working frantically in her lab in Wakanda. Her brother Tchala is dying from an unknown illness, and the only thing that can save him is the magical [ __ ] herb that first turned him into Black Panther. I mean, I was under the impression that the herb grants permanent strength and health benefits after a single dose, but whatever. I guess if you get really ill, you have to take more to reinforce it or something. The problem is that all the herbs were destroyed by Captain Megaill from the first movie. So, Shur's only option is to try to synthesize a new batch. It's very clear that her work isn't going to be successful. And even Wakanda Jarvis urges her to give it up and be by her brother's side in his final moments, but she refuses to stop. She keeps working because it's the only way she knows how to deal with the situation. She's a woman grounded in science and technology, and she's used to finding solutions to almost any problem. But right here, when she needs it the most, all of her knowledge and intellect can't help her. And well, the results are inevitable. It's a well-ritten, perfectly directed, and brilliantly acted scene that hits like a ton of bricks. And for a brief moment, it raised my hopes that this film was about to defy my expectations and give me something genuinely awesome. Then I saw the rest of it. Skip forward a year or so and all is not well in the kingdom of Wakanda. Queen Ramanda attends a meeting at the UN to lay the smackdown on some toxic white males. Because of course, what other demographic could they possibly be for the crime of expecting Wakanda to honor trade agreements that they already signed up for? Basically, the Wakandons had agreed to share their vibranium with the rest of the world to help them combat possible threats to global security. But now she's like, "Nah, it'll be fine. We're just going to keep it all for ourselves." Why? Because they don't want other nations to become as powerful as them in case they turn against them. Are you serious? I'd like to point out that this is the same country who stood by and did precisely [ __ ] all during multiple worldending events. Who refused to share any of their resources or technology with the impoverished African nations that border them. And who seems to think it's totally fine to conduct unilateral operations against nuclear armed superpowers? >> Hans, are we the baddies? >> Damn, Wakanda. You're lucky you haven't been invaded and pounded into the ground at this point. It's a perfect example of a recurring phenomenon that I've noticed in the MCU in recent years that I can best describe as it's okay when we do it. Failing to instantly distribute limited resources to a world population that effectively doubled overnights. You've got to do better, Senator, you've got to step up. >> But choosing to withhold vital natural resources that you have in such abundance that you could literally never exhaust them. >> Well, good enough forever. Killing an enemy combatant in an active operation who literally just executed your best friend. That's a war crime right there. But conducting unsanctioned military operations in sovereign countries with innocent civilians all around. >> The Dora have jurisdiction wherever the Dor find themselves to be sheer [ __ ] hubris. >> Wakanda. It's okay when we do it. Also, for some reason, characters keep claiming that Wakanda is the most powerful nation on Earth now, but I'm genuinely struggling to understand how they reach that conclusion. They're a small central African country with a grand total of one city, and they go into battle armed with spears, shields, and rhinos. Somehow, I don't think they'd last very long in a war against America or China or Russia. Anyway, the upshot of all this is that the Americans start searching for other sources of vibranium that might exist in the world. And wouldn't you know it, they soon find some in the Atlantic Ocean. Unfortunately, the research vessel comes under attack by a bunch of blue fish people who kill the crew and steal the vibranium detector. Flush over to Wakanda and Shuri and Ramanda are enjoying a nice heartto-he heart by the riverbank when this Arsel shows up and introduces himself. >> My people call me a gun, but my enemies call me Namore. >> Nah, [ __ ] that. I'm calling you ocean man from now on, mate. Take me by the ocean. >> What the [ __ ] are you wearing? It's a Halloween. >> Because the drinker has jurisdiction wherever the drinker finds himself to be. So Ocean Man is the leader of the Blue Fish people who are another race of isolationist [ __ ] this time living in the deep ocean. You know, at a certain point, you have to wonder how many more ancient, previously unknown factions, cultures, and nations are going to come out of the woodwork in this franchise. Anyway, whatever. Ocean Man's angry because he doesn't want humans poking around his underwater kingdom and stealing all his vibranium. So, he wants the Wakandons to help him track down the scientist who made the detector machine so that he can kill her. Where do I even begin with this one? I mean, for a start, how exactly does Ocean Man know that this machine was constructed by one particular scientist? Did she write her name on it? And even if it was, what purpose would it serve to kill or abductor? Now, as far as he knows, she would have left behind drawings, blueprints, all kinds of designs and technical information that people could use to construct another one. [ __ ] man. Even Tony Stark had to design his first Iron Man suit before he started building it. It would be like taking out Robert Oppenheimimer after the bombings of Hiroshima. It's a bit late for that now, mate. The cat's out of the bag. Also, none of this means anything anyway because the Americans already know exactly where the vibranium is. I mean, do you really think that ship you attacked wouldn't have logged its position or been tracked by satellites, drones, and global positioning systems or called in what they'd found before you killed them all? The fact that the ship was attacked in international waters would be a very obvious red flag to the Americans that they'd found exactly what they were looking for and that someone was trying to stop them. All of this puts the Wakandons in a pretty awkward position because the Americans believe they were responsible for the attack. I mean, if that's the case, then such an attack would definitely be considered an act of war. that would almost definitely lead to military retaliation. But apparently everyone's chill about it for now, so whatever. Either way, the Wakandons have to do something. So AOY and Shuri decide to go after the scientist and bring her in. And to find her, they contact Bilbo Baggins because I guess these movies haven't humiliated Martin Freeman enough yet. Oh, and if you want a little example of the [ __ ] horrendous pacing of this movie that resulted in it almost being 3 hours long, then allow me to set the scene for you. So, Bilbo Baggins is out jogging in the woods when a mosquito starts pestering him. He tries to swat it away, but it keeps hovering in front of him like it's trying to get his attention. Eventually, he realizes it's not actually a mosquito. It's a miniature drone that wants him to follow it. So, he duly follows it through the woods, not suspecting that this could be anything sinister, where it eventually leads him to Aoy and Shuri. [ __ ] why? What was the point in any of this? If you wanted to make contact with the guy, why didn't you just hide behind the bush and grab him while he was running or wait on the path ahead of him so he'd literally run straight into you? I mean, you're already out in the middle of [ __ ] nowhere anyway. Why did you have to lead him further into the woods? Why does this movie keep setting up stuff whose only purpose is to waste our time? Oh, and in case you're thinking this is just set up for some cool payoff later, it isn't. The mosquito drone is literally never seen or mentioned again. [ __ ] awesome writing, guys. And of course, Bilbo immediately spills his guts and gives away vitally important national security information by telling them where to find the scientist because that's what elite CI operatives are supposed to do, right? Not a great plan. >> Seriously, dude, how the [ __ ] did you even get this job? So, they go to the university where the scientist works. And wouldn't you know it, it's a 19-year-old college student named Riri Williams, better known from the comic books as a cheap idealized knockoff of Tony Stark, minus the flaws, personality, and charisma. And she also builds quantum supercomputers and Iron Man suits out of scrap materials in her spare time because [ __ ] it, of course she does. Honestly, I can't wait until we get to the point where weapons and technology are designed by 2-year-olds who invented surgical implements while still in the womb so they could perform a cesarian section on themselves. So, Shuri and Aoy bring her in. But oh no, the FBI arrived to stop them. But that's okay because it's basically an excuse to have an extended chase sequence where Riri crashes an aircraft into a police barricade, almost certainly killing and injuring at least a dozen police officers for the crime of doing their jobs. But oh no, Ocean Man and his Blue Fish people show up and capture Shuri and Riri. Wait, does that make them Shereiri? Anyway, he takes them down to his underwater kingdom to persuade Shuri to join forces with him because apparently he's decided the best solution now is to kill every single person on the surface. Boy, that escalated quickly. I mean, that really got out of hand fast. >> Never mind that Sherry isn't even the ruler of Wakanda and is therefore in no place to make decisions on behalf of her people. Don't think about it. Just consume the products. But it doesn't matter anyway because Tchala's girlfriend from the previous movie shows up to rescue them. And honestly, the character was so completely forgettable that I genuinely forgot she even existed until they brought her back in. Naturally, this makes Ocean Man extremely angry, so he attacks Wakanda by making everything a bit wet, and Queen Raanda drowns while saving Riri. You've got to love how the Wakandons totally don't give a [ __ ] about the rest of the world, but they're also willing to jeopardize their entire civilization to save one girl they've never met. Then, Ocean Man says that he'll be back in a week or so to get Shur's answer about helping him to wipe out the human race. Because truly, there's no better way to win someone's cooperation than murdering their only living relative. Anyway, I guess it's time to bring this [ __ ] show to an end. So, Shuri 3D prints a new magical [ __ ] herb from combining a bracelet from Ocean Man with Tala's DNA. Wait, what? In fact, nah, just forget it. Who even cares at this point? Then she becomes the new Black Panther and they all get on a giant submarine, which is definitely something I'd expect to find in a small landlocked central African country. And they head out to confront Ocean Man and the Bluefish people. and their killer strategy to defeat him. Lock him in a room with some heaters to dry him out. You know, I'm not entirely convinced this movie isn't just some elaborate troll. So, there's a whole bunch of CGI fighting and bloodless killing. And sure, he gets a spear shoved right through her stomach, almost severing her entire spinal column, but she's like, "Nah, it'll be fine." Then she blasts him with the afterburner from an engine and he gives up and everything goes back to the way it was before. And that's it. That's the plot for Wakanda forever. Jesus [ __ ] mothering Christ. What a mess this film is. somehow managing to combine all the worst tendencies of the MCU, the overuse of bad CGI, the ridiculous levels of technology and power creep, the constant need to introduce next product, the shameless pandering and lecturing with a script that feels like three different films hastily chopped up and patched together. The tragic death of Chadwick Boseman was a huge loss both to Hollywood in general and to this film in particular. And clearly the script had to be rewritten to accommodate it. But what it really needed was a complete rewrite from top to bottom, and it absolutely didn't get it. What we have here feels rushed and haphazard, like characters were swapped around at the 11th hour without any thought for how it impacts the overall story. People can be having moody contemplations on the nature of loss, death, and grief one minute and then cracking jokes and smiling the next like nothing even happens. It's so weird and jarring, and it doesn't fit with the film's themes of how people cope with personal tragedy. Partly because it's the MCU, so we can't go more than a few minutes without some forced goofy humor, and partly because this is all leftovers from a very different version of the scripts. Like I say, it should have been properly rewritten. But like everything with Marvel, it has to all be done as quickly as possible. We've got to produce new products every couple of weeks or people will forget that we even existed. Go, go, go. Don't think about it. Just get it done. Speaking of things that totally don't fit with this film, Ocean Man has got to be one of the worst antagonists in MCU history. And that's [ __ ] saying something, believe me. His backstory is tedious and convoluted and delivered by a long- winded info dump that actually made me leave the cinema for a couple of minutes to go for a [ __ ] And I couldn't believe it, but it was still going by the time I got back. He's not in the least intimidating or powerful to look at. You don't get a strong sense of what motivates him or what his thought processes are. And generally, he looks completely ridiculous. I mean, Killilmonger wasn't exactly a complicated villain either, and I can't say his plan made a huge amount of sense overall, but you at least understood where the guy was coming from. Ocean Man says and does whatever the plot needs him to do to make the next thing happen, and that's basically it. There's a weak half-hearted attempt to tie his personal experiences in with Shuries and tease the idea that grief and sadness could ultimately turn her evil, but it doesn't work at all because the two characters are coming at it from wildly different directions. Again, a complete rewrite of the script from the ground up might have fixed this. But like everything else at Marvel these days, getting the next product out there was way more important than artistic integrity. Speaking of next product, Riri Williams is an absolutely pointless addition to this film. She's there because they needed a platform to launch the character, and this was the most convenient way to do it, I guess. She does almost nothing throughout the whole film apart from killing police officers. She has no particular character arc or personal journey. And even her skill set completely overlaps with Shuries. They're both insanely talented teenage mega geniuses who can build anything and solve any scientific problem, which kind of makes you wonder why we needed two of them. >> I like her. >> Why? Basically, she's just a plot device that people fight over. And for some reason, she's treated like the most important person in the entire world. Like she really is the girl who's the key to everything. And while I'm talking about Shuri, I might as well get this one out there. She is a bad choice to replace Tchala. I mean, come on, there was never any doubt that they'd choose a woman to be the next Black Panther. But why her of all people? Aoy would have been a much more logical choice, and even Tchala's girlfriend might have worked, but Shuri's supposed to be a geeky side character. She's there to be snarky and funny. She doesn't have the depth or personality to take on this kind of role. I mean, don't get me wrong, she's definitely less smug and abrasive than in previous movies, but there's no getting around the fact that she's just not that interesting as a person. The fact that Leticia Wright makes a garden rake look morbidly obese doesn't exactly help when it comes to the fight scenes. She looks frail and awkward, even in the Black Panther costume, and I absolutely couldn't buy into her fight with Ocean Man. I'm also getting a bit [ __ ] tired of Madame Hydra, who keeps cropping up in things just to remind us that she's a character that exists. Julie Drafus is a good actress, but she looks completely lost here. Like, she's got no idea what her character is supposed to be or why. And to be honest, I don't blame her because I don't [ __ ] know either. Now, if I had to praise something about this movie, I'd say that the acting is generally good, especially from Angela Basset, who pretty much carries the film on her shoulders. She's really going for it in pretty much every one of her scenes, and she commands attention whenever she's around. And holy [ __ ] one thing's for sure, she's stayed in shape. How can you be 64 years old? Damn. I'd rather see her play the Black Panther than Shuri. As I hinted at before, the pacing of this movie is [ __ ] abusive. Wakanda forever clocks in at nearly 3 hours. And by god, do you feel every minute of it. The pacing makes an Arctic glacier look like an F1 car. Scenes and conversations drag on about twice as long as they should because nobody can just get to the [ __ ] point. Everything has to be accomplished in the slowest, least efficient way possible. Honestly, you could cut this film down to under two hours and lose absolutely nothing of value. And it's all padded out with dramatic action scenes that are unintentionally hilarious because of how inept they are, forced comedy that's about as funny as an episode of She-Hulk, and moral lectures that I could best describe as extremely flexible depending on who they're applied to, which makes it doubly frustrating that the movie's final scene is a genuinely heartfelt and moving tribute to Chadwick. Quiet, dignified, and thoughtful. In short, it's everything that Wakanda forever isn't. Boseman was a man whose loss was clearly felt by everyone who knew and worked with him, but perhaps most of all by the movie that he should have been part of. Well, that was quite the experience. I mean, congratulations on anyone that's actually made it this far. It's kind of wild looking back now and realizing what a massive drop in quality there was after Avengers Endgame. Apart from No Way Home, which I still think is pretty good. Phase 4 of the MCU really was one creative disaster after another. And well, it's not like it got better after that either. Now, I don't really know how useful this video was for you, but it was kind of fun to revisit these older reviews. And if you do want more big super cuts like this, then I guess let me know in the comments section and I'll see what I can do for you. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.