Hello and welcome back to Clownfish TV. It is me, Giggy Sparkles, and it's just me for this video because Neon just didn't care. Um, so today we're going to talk about this article that was on Wired, and it is, you know, why fandom discourse feels extra cringe right now. Basically, it's uh X is bad, Musk is bad, Trump is bad. uh I need to objectify gay men and you know because it's not okay to objectify you know women but you know a lot of these these straight women can objectify gay men and uh we're mad because you know ex doesn't let us do what we want to do that's we're going to look at it it's a little more involved than that but we're going to look at it but it's extra cringe but extra cringe just means that we aren't allowed to do what we want after years of us doing what we want so before I get into it any further please like and subscribe if you do I'll give you a woohoo a woohoo and we're going to talk about this so I was on Wired because as you know I've made many jokes about the fact that Wired has become like so super politically charged that usually first it was ICE and then it was Iran and finally guys it looks like they're actually focusing on what they're supposed to focus on which is you know technology that's and they're trending stuff's technology imagine that a blog called Wired that was about technology is actually doing its job but then among this page I came across this lovely article by cat tenbarge cat here also has their own blog called Spitfire News where they have these lovely pieces like the Epstein Johnny Depp Baldon connection trying to make connections there. The the the famous victims like Amber Turd, I'm sorry, Herd and all these people. It's all the same type of stuff. The smearing of motans Grock will always be harassment tool. Blake Lively is, you know, poor Blake Lively is a victim. I'm glad I stopped posting on X. They have a clear bias against Grock and X and they're using their their their seat on Wired to try to promote this as if the fandom was being censored because of X. And I'm like one, you know, you all loved X when you were running it. You don't like it now because Elon Musk is on there, but when it was your platform and you thought it was yours, you know, you were allowed to be extra cringe on there and that was okay. So, they're going on about this girl named Emily and how she is in the fandom and she got back on Tumblr. Tumblr, yes, is still around. You know, I remember and they do mention that Tumblr was there that everybody from Tumblr run to to Twitch, not Twitch, uh to Twitter, somebody went running to Twitter and they were like, you know, trying to take over there because Twitch banned porn and they were mad. So, they went over to Twitter and they were all about controlling Twitter. Remember, people were getting shadowbanned, you were getting blocked, you're getting all kinds of stuff when they were in charge. And um when when Elon Musk came into it, then they all fled to other places like Blue Sky, which we've talked about, you know, how the the CEO just got demoted and it's a cesspool and even the most extreme people were jumping ship because it's too bad. So this girl's watching heated rivalry and she was it's a smash hit about two closeted hockey players. Okay, cool. You know, that's not my kind of movie, but your show, but okay. But again, there is like this really really big movement of women, especially like straight women, that are like all about this show. And I think it's kind of funny because they're mad about men objectifying women, but it's okay if they objectify men and gay men. And you know, it was clearly not made for them, but they they think it's made for them. So, it's really very funny to me. So they said that in early 2010s, Emily, who requested only her first name be used due to fears of harassment, that's been a huge because she was been a huge Templar issue. She went from Gossip Girl to Glee to Sherlock. You know, you can be fans of all that thing, but one thing I've noticed with these people that tend to be the the toxic actual toxic trolls, they just jump from one thing to another to another. like they not you can you can be fans of all these things but when you're like like especially shipping culture it's just whatever the next thing is you know you just kick dirt on the other thing and forget about it and move on to the next thing consume get involved and complain and call her by toxic bigots and then move on to the next one and so on and so on. Um, she was talking about when she was in her early 20s, she moved to a new city and tried on tried to be more of an adult and she left fan she left Phantom spaces and when heated rivalry happened and Tumblr exploded, old friends I haven't spoken to in years started popping back on, everybody's like, "Hey, have you guys seen the show?" Tumblr has been, I would say, revitalized. Wait, you're you're saying Tumblr's revitalized because of all the the the ladies that are hot for the gay guys and heated rivalry. So this this the this show about closeted gay men has somehow reignited Tumblr for women. I don't think that was what it it goal was but okay. Um so those who haven't visited Tumblr since the 2010s Emily's description of he rivalry camaraderie sounds like the polar opposite of discourse around the show other platforms. translation. I'm a fan of the show and and I don't like that. I go to other places like X and and not everybody's on there as fans and then they call me out for [ __ ] like, you know, objectifying gay men. You know, you want to go where every you control the narrative and everybody's like telling you it's fine to to be you. And that's what I actually all over and over again you'll hear, you know, about how X is toxic, X is bad, X is about Elon Musk, X is Republican, X is all these things. She's really salty about it. So they said a Vulture article unpacked the series popularity among women as well as the culture of women pairing two male characters together in steamy fanfiction. Um which is a thing. It prompted a backlash and seemly pitted the anti-fandom culture of coastal media outlets against women who appreciate the sex scenes and plot lines of heated rivalry. Come on, you could you can just take out the plotline part because that's I doubt that's why you're watching this show. At least own it. Um, but the way the discourse is playing out on X is bizarre and at odds with reality. Most culture reporters there are not prying into fandom or to embarrass and skull women. [ __ ] you. Pop culture media has most definitely gone out of their way. Like this [ __ ] article, Cat, to go and vilify and embarrass and scold people who don't agree with you, who don't like your thing, who don't like Star Wars, who don't like whatever. We've seen it over and over and over again. You're acting like they don't most people don't bother with that [ __ ] You've been doing it for years. Why do you think people don't read your articles anymore? Why do you think people like are just like completely over that you can't use the whole you're bigot anymore to control people because they're so like you know they've hurt it so many times they don't care anymore. It's because of this. They're not trying to prior embarrass or scold women. I'll scold you. You say men can't objectify women but it's okay for you objectify men if they're and especially gay ones. just, you know, I could play your game all day. Um, a lot of them, myself included, started out as Tumblr fan girls to begin with. I have never been a Tumblr fan girl because they were batshit then. I'm sure they're bat sounds lally batshit again. Okay. And although Vulture reporter Alex Jung wrote about e Alex Jung wrote about whether the culture fetishizes gay men, it is. I'm sorry. He ultimately concluded that women writing fanfiction exploring their own identities and desires. No, no, no. It's it this just like oh romanty doesn't fetishize men but that poor guy got people grabbing his pecker at at that one party and putting an air tag on him. But it it's not about fetishizing men. Yeah, it is. And I'm going to tell you some of the behavior I've seen out of women fetishizing dudes is far more toxic than what you try to say men do. And I mean some men do do terrible things, but women aren't exempt. Just because you have tits doesn't mean you can't be a toxic trash bag. I'm just saying. So then they go on about this about they're they identify their desires when actual gay men No, it's because they're gay men like are watching the show if they if they want to watch the show, they watch it because they watch it because to them it resonates. You're just watching it because you're getting off on it. I mean, not saying that they can't get off on it, too, but I'm just saying you're objectifying men. Um, oh, it goes on and on and on. They're talking about uh Tumblr's decline was the controversial porn ban, which we talked about. And they're talking about Apple took it off the or took Tumblr off the platform for a while and all that stuff. But then this Amanda Brennan, a meme librarian and fandom expert. Okay, I'm a [ __ ] fandom expert. Okay, if we can just assign titles now, I think I've earned the title of fandom expert at this point as well. I'm not a meme librarian. However, my children probably are. um they worked at Tumblr between 2013 and 2020 2021. Fandoms are very spread out. It's just all these different worlds that now coexist. They don't bump into each other as much. Well, that's true. Depending on what platform you go to, you know, things are going to change. Moderation and censorship of phantom spaces still place communities around the internet. The rules aren't enforced equally. You mean like the saltier than crate on Reddit that you can talk all kinds of lies and [ __ ] and then and then say flat out things that aren't true, but if the person you're lying about comes in and says, "Hey, that's not what we said." They can ban you and censor you so you can't even correct their their lies. You mean like that? Cuz you know that's what people like us have been dealing with for years by people like you, cat. Just saying. Um Yeah. There aren't forced e equally. No [ __ ] cat. Despite Grock's creation of non-consensual sexual images, non-consensual sexual images, that's a mouthful, including those of minor earlier this year, X was never pulled from the app store. Well, yeah, because it's done by Elon Musk and they they they X is way bigger than Tumblr. Now that Phantom is having a big heated rivalry moment, a lot of discourse around it's happening on X, a platform that's also became significantly more right-wing thanks to Elon Musk, which in turn has pushed some heated rivalry fans back into Tumblr, back into the closet, as well as a growing number of ex alternatives like Instagram threats. Translation: I'm pissed that X isn't isn't Twitter and we can't control it and tell everybody else that they're bigots and what to think. So when they push back, it's pushing us out into we have to go hide in in places like Tumblr because, you know, people push back on X now that we don't own it. Elon Mus does. So it it's a problem. Basically everything that we've done for years is happening to us. It's called Karmic Boomerang, and you're pissed about it. Let's be honest what this is, Cat. Um, they're talking about there's still heated rivalry drama on other platforms, too. But the specific culture of ex has produced some of the most toxic intersections between the site's dominant reaction to conservatism and viral fandom takes. I'm on there all the time and you know I'm not seeing anybody getting really bad out of shape about heated rivalry. I don't think it's that talked about on X and if it is I don't think most people give a [ __ ] about it. I don't I think the toxic intersections between the sites dominant reactionary conservatism. I could have changed this like like several years ago to say toxic intersections between the sites dominant reactionary liberalism because because a few years ago that was the case. People were they kept saying they weren't shadowban people. Turned out they were kept saying they weren't being censored on things they said by people that worked at Twitter who didn't like it. Turned out they were like I said it's the same same coin different side. You're just pissed about it because you're not it's not the the heads you had before. You know that's what that's what you're mad about. And then they're going about one exp post had half a million views. Everyone is overthinking this is just massively insecure women who want to see men being sexual but can't handle seeing other women on screen or they might start comparing themselves to. Honestly, there's probably some truth in that if I'm going to be completely honest with you. And the post isn't coming from someone who appears to be wellversed in slash phantom. It's coming from someone who paid for a blue verification check mark. Oh, here we go. You have the check mark. Oh, look guys. This person paid for the check mark. Cat doesn't pay for the check mark. Um, I guess but when before because they're mad because before they just had to be friends with somebody and they could have another thing blog with the right opinions and they were given a check mark. Now you have to pay for it. Cat's not interested. Anyway, they're talking about um that the check mark they identify as normie and in other recent posts warned men not warned men not to marry up. What the hell? Anyway, that's weird. But they say fans say this kind of negativity has become pronounced on X beyond the typical fandom infighting. Meaning those in the platform are likely seeing participating in more of this antagonistic discourse including gang up on the author of one article. Oh, I'm going to gang up on you, Cat, because you know what? [ __ ] off, cat. You know what? You're all mad because it's happening to you, but you people like you have been doing this [ __ ] to fans for the last decade at least. At least since 2014. I'd say 2013, 2012. This has been going on. If people didn't if people didn't like what you liked, they were a toxic, bigoted, misogynistic, incel, whatever, because they didn't like what you liked. And now you're complaining about people doing the exact same thing to you that you've done to other people that this you being the type of person have done to other people for years. For years. If you don't like it, maybe don't behave that way to begin with. Oh, they're attacking they're attacking an author that's, you know, sympathetic to their cause. I'm attacking your ass because you're full of [ __ ] You need an enema to get that out of there because it is so packed in there so tight. Gonna be [ __ ] out diamonds. I think X just sucks. It exists to make people angry and the algorithm designed to make you angry. A writer of a book. Western fandom who defended the vulture piece on her own Substack. Fan culture being so entrenched on there means it's never going to leave. The fans we love getting mad and getting mad as a group. Yeah. Well, that's not untrue. But then why are you writing articles like this then? You're writing articles like this because you want the anger. You want the engagement. You want the the clicks for money. If you didn't, you would just be like, "Oh, well, people could do whatever. I'm not going to try to write articles about it and try to anger people." You're trying to bait people to read it. You're doing the exact same thing. And yes, they they do tend to show people things they think they're going to interact with, good or bad, because that's what brings the money. That's not untrue. But here's the thing. It's like this has been going on for years and you're okay with it when you thought it was going the way you wanted it to go. That's that's the problem. From fan art being the subject of late night TV jokes to studios going after fan spaces for copyright offenses. Again, all been going on for years. Uh fan art, you mean like, you know, fixture [ __ ] because it wasn't drawn in the right shade that they wanted. literally had a kid. They were they were going to they were being threatened and told to kill themselves because they drew Mermista from Shira in the original form and not the new show and she was and they whitewashed her according to the people that were threatening her. Don't don't even don't even go there with me. Do not do not you're not going to win this. Um, so all these things are kind of in the psychic memory of fans, even if they aren't around during those the those year during those years and a lot of them were. But a journalist, as a journalist, as someone with a foot in both worlds, I'm like, "Guys, this vulture writer is not the enemy." Well, I'm also a journalist, I also have a foot in both worlds. And I think you're full of [ __ ] cat. Oh, they go on and on about this vulture article. I I I'm not even going to pull it up, but I see a lot of different fandoms where people won't click the link. They'll just see what they say on social. They'll see the headline. digest the entire story and then they'll probably make comments about it. Yeah, that happens to us on Reddit all the time. It happens to us on our videos all the time. And then those are the places where we try to step in and say, "Hey, that's not what we said." And then they delete us and block us so we can't even defend ourselves to say that's not what we said and you're you're you're reporting it wrong. At least I'm have the decency to read your article before I call you a dumbass. And they're talking about a lot of fans that are that Emily has found fans that are congratating around heated rivalry on Tumblr are older and more experienced with fandom. Why a lot of younger fans who have only known fandom on algorithm driven platforms that value engagement beta on X. Oh my god. One, you are really I don't ever want to hear anything about fanboys taking Star Wars too seriously ever. Ever. And there's a whole world of people experiencing fandom for the very first time through heated rivalry, which applied to Emily's sister, who she says is in the threads group for heated rivalry fans who are wives and mothers in their 30s. Again, what is up with straight, mostly white women, fetishizing gay men. Seriously. And you complain about people fetishizing women, but you're doing the exact same damn thing. But it's okay when you do it, right? They have a penis, so it doesn't count, right? same type of women who are putting air tags on a poor dude at a at a at a fantasy event. As you get older, you realize that liking to watch something because you find it hot at all. All it means is that you just think it's hot. And that's fine. It's not a big deal. But I just feel like Tumblr is more comfortable digging into that stuff. Yeah, Tumblr who was, you know, was got so bad they had to ban porn on it for a while, which I think they relaxed that, which is why everybody's back on it. I'm afraid to see what you guys are all drumming up over there. It's like, look, I they're not going to [ __ ] you. I'm sorry. They they don't like what you have to offer, but this is ridiculous. And then this reminds me of this this guy over here. Um, a cosplayer. Uh, it's Johnny. What's this? I'm trying to make sure I got his name right. It's Johnny Junkers. And he is a cosplayer. And I shared him earlier today because he's talking about how and this is this is kind of the people I'm thinking I'm associating with that cat person at Wired that these these these people come in to the to you know the space in this case cosplay and they push everybody out who's been there for years. They demand that you have to, you know, everything they say and everything that you have to p pledge allegiance to all the purity tests they p they say you have to you have to do all the right things, Black Lives Matter and all the different flags in their bio and all the different things and if you don't, they weaponize people to go and attack you and try to chase you out of the space even though you've been there for years before they showed up. This is the kind of people that Cat reminds me of. I'm not saying she specifically is, but people like her her manifesto remind me of this. You can't chase us out of space. It's not fair to chase us out of space as we chase everybody else out of space. Journalists don't behave that way as she behaves that way. And he's not wrong. And I I shared you can go out to um my ex and you can see it. I shared it because it's like he's just like I'm going to keep doing me and you can threaten it to hurt my my financial situation because that's what they try to do. They try to go after you to get rid of you in different ways. He's like but I'm it's not going to matter. I'm good. I'm still going to do what I want. And that's what we need to do. We need to start making sure that, you know, you're allowed to like things. People are allowed to be different than you like things. The problem becomes when you have these toxic people that are just so ass mad because it's not super far-left. Uh they don't run X anymore. You know, you're not you're not loving everything they love. You don't you don't appreciate all their ships all the time and all this other [ __ ] And then you're the bad guy cuz they try to shove you out of the fandom and they come in there and you welcome them in and then they treat you like that. the gate the gas lighter everybody is saying that they were being gatekept as they themselves gate gatekeep harder than anybody else ever has and it's it's ridiculous and that's what that's what this crew over here about this heated rivalry people that's what they remind me of or at least Cat here reminds me of and the comment she's making about journalists and everything else it's like oh please sweet cheeks you're doing it in this article yourself and then and if you and then even in reality when you're out there in these fandom boards if if this is happening to you it's karma Huh? Because you've been doing it to everybody else for years. But now it's coming for you and you're mad about it. I mean, honestly, I said, I let people like what they like and who cares? Like, if you like something, go ahead, like it. Like, I don't care. Like it. You're allowed to like it. You're allowed to not like it. But this whole that, you know, certain groups get to run everything is just over and it's [ __ ] And I guess you just go complain about it over here at Spitfire News. Cat, why don't you put Why didn't you put your article over here? Oh, cuz no one want to read it. That's why. Anyway, please like and subscribe and we'll talk to you later. Bye.