Hope you guys are ready to celebrate. We've got to give Highguard a big round of applause for their latest achievement. For the first time ever since release, the concurrent player count actually dropped below 3,000 as they reached a new all-time low of 2,729 concurrent players on Steam. But hey, that's fine. The boss man himself, Chad Grineer of Highgard, said that it doesn't matter how many people play the game. What matters most is that the game is loved by the people who play it. Well, that sure is nice, Chad. But, you know, one one little problem here. If the player count's low enough, the servers are going to be offline and then no one can love the game. So, yeah, the player count kind of matters. You kind of got to make money if you want to keep the servers online, I would imagine. Crazy concept. 7 hours ago. Even the most diehard fans of Highguard over on the official Highguard subreddit are beginning to feel the impending doom for this one, saying, "As much as I wanted to love the game, this game might not survive February. This actually becoming a top post there with 188 up votes and saying, "It takes so much time to get a lobby now." The top post here in the comments reading, "Let's see what this next patch brings, but if it doesn't bring in enough new players or people back, I think it might be dead by March." The second top comment saying, "The writing was on the wall, but anyone who raised concerns was told that they were just a part of the hate bandwagon. How the Echo Chamber serves only to self-sabotage a fan base." And the third top upvoted comment here reading, "I genuinely enjoyed the game. Played for about 35 hours. The characters and gameplay are good, but am I supposed to just endlessly grind a casual mode in a very sweaty competitive game? There's no progression, no stats, no ranked, no variety of modes, no custom lobbies, no training maps, no replays, no skin markets, no drop in/dropout deathmatch. If I feel like a chill or less effort session, this game doesn't offer that, so I'm just going to play something else instead. Wait, that's actually crazy. They wanted this to be a competitive game and they don't even tell you any stats. What were they cooking with this? Another top comment bringing up how there's no progression, no rewards, no leveling, nothing like that. Yeah, this this is actually a pretty shocking state of affairs for this game. It's crazy the team ever thought this was suitable to release. And taking one final look at the player count here. When 5v5 mode was released around January 31st, the player count did shoot back up to 15K. Well, okay, shoot back up is a little bit of an overstatement, but they had a they had a little spike back to 15K. Unfortunately for them, they couldn't hold those levels. Nowhere close to it. And yeah, here we are. That does it for my high guard update. There's obviously not too much to talk about here. Uh yeah, it doesn't look good. Let me know what you think in the comments.