As of the time of making this video, HG Wells classic science fiction story, The War of the Worlds, has been adapted into no fewer than 83 different movies, TV shows, radio plays, video games, books, comics, and other assorted media. It truly is one of the most prolific and widely interpreted works of not just the 20th, but the 21st century. But none of them, none of them, dear viewer, even come close to the raw visceral impact and existential glory of Ice Cubes War of the Worlds. It's beautiful. For the longest time, I resisted War of the World's greatness. I refused to open my heart to the boundless possibilities contained within its glorious 89 minutes. But I could resist no longer. And finally, I bowed to the inevitable and allowed it into my life. And boy am I glad that I did. Ice Cubes: War of the Worlds isn't just the greatest movie of all time. It may be the single greatest product of human endeavor in the whole history of our species. A sublime fusion of striking social commentary, epic global conflict with the fate of the human race hanging in the balance, powerfully intimate character moments, and performances that took me from the heights of ecstasy to the very depths of despair. An experience that doesn't just elevate the soul and lighten the heart, it opens the mind to a whole new universe of ideas. It did it for me and it can do it for you, too. Allow me to illuminate you. War of the Worlds stars Vanilla Ice as William Radford, a homeland security expert who's so damn good at his job that he's now the only person working there. That's right. This man is able to do the work of an entire federal agency single-handed while also having time to abuse the government surveillance system to monitor his son and his pregnant daughter's every move and financial transaction. See, morality and personal autonomy are for weaklings. And Ice Te's got no time for weakness because he's hot on the trail of the world's most dangerous hacker, the disruptor. Even though his son seems to have some reservations about his work. Keep that one in mind, dear viewer, because it'll be important later. Anyway, his hunt for the disruptor is going to have to wait for now because iceberg's got more important things to deal with when aliens invade planet Earth. The president mobilizes every piece of stock footage at his disposal, but it's not enough to stop them. The aliens seem to be getting smarter and stronger with every passing minutes. The situation seems dire until Caramel Ice Latte realizes the horrifying truth. The aliens are eating all of our data to make themselves stronger. Oh my god. [Laughter] All seems lost when Ice Ice Baby gets locked out of his computer system by a corrupt government official to keep his own dastardly schemes hidden. But he's not out of the fight just yet. Oh no, there's only one possible move left to make. That's right. He has no choice but to join forces with the disruptor and his army of hackers to get back into the system and plant a virus that can stop the aliens for goods. But just when you think the drama couldn't get ratcheted up any higher, this movie hits you with the twist to end all twists. For you see, the disruptor is actually Ice Cream's son. Oh man. Oh god. Oh man. Good lord. This movie truly does have everything. Intense drama, heartpounding revelations, soulc crushing emotions. It's all there and there's nothing you can do about it. Father and son must unite in a desperate race against time to shut down the sinister global surveillance system that was driving the aliens this whole time, stopping the invasion and saving the entire human race. Perfection. My god. Ice Cubes: War of the Worlds isn't just a movie. It's pure [ __ ] cinema. Everything else in the past 119 years of theatrical film making has been nothing but a dress rehearsal, paving the way for this one crowning achievement. Go home, Hollywood. Fold the sets and shut down the cameras because you've officially peaked. Nothing that you do from this point on will ever equal this movie. I honestly can't decide what I love most about this film. Whether it's the powerhouse performance by modern-day Renaissance man Ice Cube that had me perched on the very edge of my seat, or the shocking twists and revelations that rocked me to my very core, only to realize the subtle clues were carefully embedded in the narrative the whole time, or the genius way that a planet spanning invasion event is almost entirely viewed through one man's internet browser, or the absolutely seamless use of stock footage to depict a global military mobilization that somehow occurs in the space of a single power. Honestly, you would never even suspect that this movie was produced on a low budget. Stuff like this really gives me hope for the future of film making. Yeah, some bleeding heart liberals out there might whine about the moral implications of using real life combat footage from Iraq and Afghanistan purely for our entertainment, but what they don't understand is that it's all in the service of the greater goods. And truly, that good far outweighs any petty complaints that grieving military families might have. Get over it, you losers. Other people might dare to suggest that aliens literally coming all the way to Earth to eat data when they could simply monitor and absorb global communications from millions of miles away is nonsensical idiocy that demonstrates a boomer level understanding of how computers function. But they clearly lack the media literacy to understand what this film is truly about. It is a movie of ideas that reflects the world we live in today. All of our greatest hopes and fears are aspirations and insecurities. Other adaptations have focused on Cold War paranoia or man's misplaced faith in the power of weapons and technology, but none of them really hit the mark. Ice Cub's War of the Worlds, on the other hand, cuts through all of that to find the true universal message of this story, the dangers of having your data eaten by alien robot bugs. And in some ways, I like to think that this is what HG Wells was really going for when he wrote War of the Worlds back in 1898. Yeah, he might have lacked the finesse and vocabulary of modern Hollywood script writers, but I think he was striving towards the same goal in the ends. A goal that finally in the year 2025, Ice Cube was able to hit for him. And I do believe that HG Wells can finally rest easy in his grave knowing what was accomplished in his name. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.