Well, looks like we've got some hilarious updates to go over in this video. Once again, hope you're familiar with the Deadpool Creator Cup tournament Kingsman 265 situation. Yesterday, I did a very brief recap at the beginning of my video. But now that we're on to the third video of the topic, I won't be doing a recap in this one at all. There's just too much stuff at this point. So, if you're not familiar with this, consider watching the prior two videos. I will link them in the description for you. As CC and even Ashlin FPS have begun deleting tweets, they don't want people to see those tweets. Unfortunately for Cece, screenshots are still out there. So, we will be taking a look at what she's deleting. Spoiler alerts, her talking about how much she hates men. Huh. I wonder why she delete that one. Before we begin though, I literally just saw this pop up on Twitter. And this is hilarious. So, quick side note to laugh at this. Says, "Insane community note." And we had Zaza Stack here saying, "No, we won a game once. I stayed on Widow." Actually, readers added context. And as you can see, the context reads, "They lost seven out of eight." Come on, Zaza. What are you doing? What are you doing? Acting like acting like when you stayed on Widow, everything worked out. Like trying to rewrite history here as if no one would would call this out. What a joke. Response saying, "This one's even funnier. She said, "I haven't lied once, bro." Readers added context. She has lied several times. What is she doing? I just said that, but like again, I haven't lied once, bro. The lies continue as her nose grows. She got 1500 likes on that tweet saying that she hasn't lied once and responses memeing on her like this one getting 31,000 likes. Once again, completely ratioing her. It's like community note. Truth lie. Bro, I was playing Rivals last night and people in random lobbies were mocking Zaza Stack and CC and all of them. Like literally in random lobbies, people are saying like, "I'm just here for the vibes." And then like when people are doing bad, they're like, "I got Zaza on my team." It's hilarious. So, we have some updates on CC. Previously, we had mentioned that she had lost her sponsorship with Infinity Mice, but another company has come out separating from her, that being Solaris. We can see this tweet from Hume that reads, "I've been informed of everything that happened, and as of today, I've made the decision that CC has been removed from Solaris GG and its creator program. I want to clarify Solaris and its staff/ other creators had zero involvement in BASM ZB's tournament." that is the tournament host of the Deadpool Creator Cup slash all of CC's social media posts and messages. The actions done in the insults said towards Kingsman by the group of streamers is not something I'm happy about or what Solaris stands for. On top of CC losing another sponsor, we've got some detective work here from the one and only Madam Savvy, who's calling CC out directly for CC deleting tweets and pointing out how CC mentioned that she was going to take time off from the internet to reflect on all that nonsense. she put out in her failed damage control post. It turns out apparently she's not taking time off from the internet. She's still online and she's trying to hide stuff. She's trying to delete stuff. And what is that deleted tweet that Madam Savvy exposed? Well, it's Cece talking about how she hates men. This tweet said, "All men are liars." She said, "That's what I'm saying." Someone else says, "You're just a hater." And then she says, "I do hate men." Yeah. It's really interesting how that tweet was up on her account for years. But then this whole Kingsman thing happens. She starts losing sponsors. She has the idea now to delete that tweet. Do you think she's actually like changed her opinion or do you think she's a bit worried about that being there and people seeing it? Well, there's something called the Stryson effect, so people are still seeing it, but you know, a little late for that. Then there's Basim. This is the host of the Deadpool Creator Cup tournament and someone that many people have said was getting off a bit too easy in this whole situation as most people were focused on CC and Zaza, etc., etc. And I will admit I probably should have covered more of the BASM stuff myself in the last two videos I made on this topic. So let's talk about this a bit now. Update from Dexto saying streamer Basm has admitted that he was wrong to remove Kingsman from his $40,000 Marvel rivals event, saying that he made a decision based off of haste and misinformation and that there's no excuse he deserves what comes out of this 100%. For context, here's some of the initial stuff that Bas was saying when he decided to kick Kingsman from the tournament. I'll explain from my perspective as a tournament host what I'm doing and uh why I'm doing it. Listen to me. Nobody better get hate. All right? No person better get hate. All right? If there's anything about the tournament, if there's anything regarding any sort of decisions, if there's anything regarding anything, put it on me. All right? This is on me. All right? It's my decision. This is my tournament. Kingsman was uh kicked out of the tournament. Not by anybody else, not by um not by any prod. not by anybody else. All right. The reason for that is because he violated the rules that are completely written perfectly in the Discord and there's a zero tolerance policy. Now listen, I don't nobody better give any hate to Kingsman. Nobody better give hate to any single person that's on that team. It is not on any single player. All right? This is on me for the decisions I make. This is not influenced by anybody. This is not influenced by NEI. This is not influenced by anybody. This is not influenced by any creator. This is my decision based off of what I saw. Okay? This is based off my decision of what I saw off off the clips and the VODs and what I've seen from different uh perspectives cuz I All right. There's there's a level of respect that you need to have amongst your teammates and amongst uh staff and amongst all these kind of people. You know, you got to have respect in that. Why didn't he get a warning? This is a zero tolerance tournament. The one warning are the rules. >> Notice how Basam says that this wasn't influenced by anything else or no one else. It was his decision. And while Kingsman himself had some uh skepticism towards that, as he says in this clip, >> all I'm going to say is one of my viewers showed me that 20 minutes before I got kicked, CeCe said she had to go do something real quick and that's it. >> And yes, although Basim is the one who made the final decision, CeCe is the one who signed off on it. She literally said it in her own stream right here >> where he's just like demoralizing my whole team, bro. Like No. The point where no one even wanted to play with him. That that's kind of what it felt like, bro. Like when Bosom asked me, he was like, "Do you think this is all right?" Like, like, "Is this true? I'm going to do this." Like, you can greenlight it. And I'm being honest, guys. I green lit it because my team didn't like I had three people on my team that just did. >> If Basim really came to you, why don't you tell me something about it? Cuz every time I make a suggestion, your only response to me is to tell me to shut the up. Then of course we're not going to have a positive team experience. And all of a sudden, 20 minutes later, I'm kicked from the tournament. No warning, nothing. >> Yeah, hold on a second. On top of that, Bassam was literally like, "Oh, I wasn't influenced by anyone." And then we have on record CC talking about how she met with him and he was asking her to sign off on it. Are you kidding me? This is not influenced by anybody. This is not influenced by NI. This is not influenced by anybody. This is not influenced by any creator. This is my decision based off of what I saw. Okay, this is based off my decision of what I saw. >> When Bosom asked me, he was like, "Do you think this is all right?" Like, like, "Is this true? I'm going to do this like you can greenlight it." And I'm being honest, guys, I green lit it. >> All right. Yeah, that's definitely a bad look. Going back to the responses to Dexerto talking about Boston admitting that he was in the wrong or I keep saying this. Is it Boss or Basin? My bad. I think I'm saying it wrong half the time. But anyways, responses. We can see duality here. For example, this one from Glitchy saying, "Good on Boss ZB for owning up uh owning the mistake. Accountability is key." However, other people say, "For example, I simp for sub mid girls. Didn't get any redacted and now nobody else is singing for them, so I'm backtracking." And Buddy was so arrogant and confident when he kicked Kingsman. Screw this guy, too. Previously, Bossam had also issued a apology on his stream. You can take a look at that one right here as clipped by Yeet. >> The people when they come in here when they hate, they're justified in what they're saying. They're absolutely right. >> You're absolutely right. 100%. No question about it. Like there's no beating around the bush. >> I don't know why it's like difficult to admit when you're wrong and when you [ __ ] up. I made a decision based off of haste and based off of misinformation, but they everybody in the team knew what was going on. Everybody in this team knew what was going on and the fact that nobody told me it was whatever. It doesn't matter who it is. >> Get that vehicle moving again. >> Once again, we have some duality in the responses. For example, Emerald Apple saying he's just another one of those believe all women delusional acolytes. And I saying good for him for actually taking responsibility. I get not wanting to get involved in drama, but if you're running a tournament, you have to do one of two things. One, you boot the whole team out, say no drama. too. You talk to both parties and actually investigate the issue before making a decision and then that other one saying, "No, man. All these people apologizing are only apologizing because of the backlash. This all could have been handled so much better if they truly cared to begin with." And then when Kingsman created his Twitter account and dropped the CC files, as he called them, that Google doc that we talked about yesterday, well, now Boston is retweeting Kingsman. So, one day he's kicking Kingsman and siding against him. The next day, he's on Kings's men's side and retweeting him. Interesting. And so, Luciosa never apologized. She doubled down. CeCe and Zaza both tried to play victim in their apologies. So, that was pathetic and everyone saw right through it. That's to say that the bar is really low, but at least Bossam's apology seems better than theirs. Again, super low bar, though. The real question is like, is this guy genuine? Is he genuinely sorry for how he handled all this stuff and how he treated Kingsman? Or is he only acting like this now because the public opinion is so clearly on Kingsman's side? Now we've got something funny. So there is a YouTube video from this YouTuber Nyxar who is an eternity black widow and he's reacting to Zaza 050 game and some of this commentary is hilarious. I'm not going to play that much of the video. Consider watching that video. I'll link in the description for you. um you know if you want to see the full thing. But like this is some hilarious stuff. >> And then you come here, you stare at the Hulk and you don't shoot him. You can get him out of his Hulk form right now and turn him into Baby Bruce. Why Why don't you shoot him? Like what are you doing? Like are you trying to conserve accuracy? I don't understand. You just need to be hitting your shots, man. Like it wouldn't You wouldn't go 050 if you weren't whiffing all your shots and like chasing the dive. I don't know why you're intent on chasing the dive. You're You're not You're not even hitting head shots on the alting Hulk. >> Please shoot him. Oh my god. You jump into a wall. You jump into a wall. Where's the shot? You shoot right here. You shoot right here at his feet. Brother, you need to shoot the head. You're widow. So, I don't know why you're so bent on shooting the Spider-Man, but the Phoenix, even after you shot that shot, hasn't noticed you. They are literally standing still. Like the Phoenix is literally standing still and the Spider-Man is swinging away at mock three, bro. And you and you just miss. What are you doing? What are you doing? Why did you zone out? How How do you lose a Hulk? That Hulk is right here, right? He's in front of your face. I don't know if you looked at chat. Maybe you looked at chat, but you're turning the wrong direction. You lost the Hulk who is in front of you. So yeah, that's just like a minute from the full video, which is 25 minutes long. I will link the full video in the description for you. Pretty funny commentary from Bro. And that is the update, guys. Hope you enjoyed the video. Let me know what you think about these updates and have a lovely weekend. And I'll see you next time.