If you were scrolling social media today like any other day and you said, "Man, that's the stupidest thing a Hollywood celebrity has said today. Happens almost every day." Well, today I bring you by far the stupidest thing you're going to hear today from a Hollywood celebrity, Kristen Stewart. That's right. Actress Kristen Stewart says Americans need to stop buying burgers during the daytime to protest the crackdown on illegal immigrants. Here we go. immigrants. I I can't stand the idea that the dismantling of the culture that did have a hand in like making me who I am, which is so meaningless in the face of people's lives being like completely unearthed, uprooted, destroyed, like just the vi this is this like not who we are. So like where I'm from, I don't identify with that right now. And so like I I I I definitely am dying every day thinking, so do we make movies about this? Do we throw all of our money at it? Do we stop buying burgers in the daytime? What do we do about this? Like I I can't I can't fathom that it's happening until it doesn't happen. It's like uh uh Los Angeles doesn't exist without all of us immigrants. >> Well, the comments are, you know, what you would expect. Um summarize these thoughts in a simple way for humans to understand. Rock. Uh, Kristen Stewart is super upset about cracking down on illegal uh, immigrants in LA. She says their culture helped shape who she is and losing it would destroy the city she loves. Her idea is to fight back, make movies about it, throw money at the cause, or stop buying burgers during the day as a protest. She can't imagine LA without them. So, you're saying it's a  take? No, I wasn't saying that at all. I was just giving a neutral summary of Kristen Stewart's exact comments. Well, that's what you did is you basically said it's very stupid. Um, and yeah, the comment section. I bet you, good money, she's never spoke more than a sentence to an illegal migrant in her life. How many illegal immigrants do you think Kristen Stewart has in her home on a given day? Probably none. Because these people are all about preaching about the very thing that they don't stand by. They are constantly telling everyone else how they should live, but she doesn't believe it herself. This is absolutely amazing. I wonder how many illegal immigrants she actually knows. It It's crazy. Curious, Kristen, did you identify with that four years ago, 5 years ago, eight years ago, or is it just new? just curious. I think we all know the answer to that and it's really incredible. Um, I challenge her to walk through downtown LA at 1 in the morning and buy herself a burger. Daytime burger boycott. Finally, the revolution we've all been starving for. This is really amazing. Uh, I'm cooking up burgers tonight. Any other request? That's quite a strange perspective. Kristen Stewart's been smoking too much weed. I think she's got far deeper problems and that problem is Hollywood people live in this bubble that they don't have any perspective outside of their own and it's been happening for a long time. But this is really a next level take man. I am I I got to give her credit man. I mean of all the stupid things I've heard these Hollywood weirdos with TDSA this one takes it to a another level. So, credit where credit is due to Kristen Stewart. Um, I guess the only movies I know her from is the the Twilight movies. I guess maybe she was in that Charlie's Angels movie. Yeah, I think she was in the Charlie's Angels movie. Was she in the woke one that completely flopped that they basically said, "We don't want any white dudes coming to our movie." And then after it flopped, then the narrative was, "Why aren't white dudes going to see this movie?" I think she was in that one. Um, man, that's really the only things I know from her. I'm sure she does other stuff. I'm just not aware of any of those things right now. But the the thing she's going to be best known for is this stupidity right here. Another Hollywood loser. Uh, making us all laugh and showing us that they have no grip on reality and they have no concept of the real world whatsoever because they live in their Hollywood bubble and this is who these people are. So there you go, Holly Weird. Um, if you are interested, you can go over to geeks.com, our website, where we just uh talked about the Netflix backing out of the Warner Brothers deal. Looks like Paramount Skyance is in position, but that could be more negotiation over there. I'm going to make a video on that topic later, but geeks neighbors.com, make sure you check out our website. Our team is doing a great job over there, and uh I appreciate all of your support. So have a great day and we will talk to you