I kind of feel bad making this video purely because of the stupidity that I'm going to be exposing people to, especially after the video I made earlier today about Pokemon and Valkyrie. Like, as if that wasn't enough, now we have this. But this is what's going on in parts of the US right now. So, anti-ICE protesters are storming a Target, buying salt individually, one salt each, and then immediately going back in line to return the salt. In other words, they are making the lives of the people working there just trying to make a living very difficult to say the least. You know, this is not a good day for the workers. This is going to be really annoying to deal with. And of course, it's just going to inadvertently also make lines longer for people who are genuinely trying to buy stuff, get in and out of the store, you know, like this is just exceptional behavior. >> Video folks, I want people to see this live video. We are at >> the Target in Dino. We've got to have about 70 people in line here. Everybody bought salt and they're returning it. Why? Because we are asking that Target step up as a as a corporation of moral courage in this critical moment in our country. ICE is being leveraging targets silence. They are objecting target employees. They are staging in target parking lots. They are going into Target stores and using it as propaganda opportunities. We are asking Target, whose whole brand has been built on serving the communities in which they are to step up, speak out, use the corporate power that they have because we know that's the only thing. Folks, I want people to >> They literally deployed a Karen brigade. Like what? [laughter] This is pathetic, dude. Are these women all retired and and like this is what they do in their spare time? They think like they're these virtuous people acting all holier than thou now and they go and just bother retail employees. Oh yeah, we're doing a great thing. Get a life. Go read a book or something. Oh my gosh. And then in this clip, we have another group at a Target holding their annual Biggest Loser competition. >> We are fighting. >> We won't stop fighting. >> Ice is [singing] gone. TILL ICE IS GONE. >> We are ready. >> We are >> The fight's not over. >> The fight's not over. [singing] >> LOVE HAS WON. >> LOVE HAS WON. >> LOVE HAS WON. >> TILL LOVE HAS WON. >> LOVE HAS WON. >> TILL LOVE has won. [music] >> So Target parking lots have been a meeting place for ICE agents. ICE agents are using the toilets of Target. that they're facilitating this invasion. They're they're serving as a staging ground and they're not standing up and saying, "No, our part our our parking lots are private property. You can't be in our space. You can't enter our space." They're not at all participating in challenging this ethnic cleansing we're seeing in this country. >> Even if someone is against ICE and they're anti- ice, I don't understand why they would ever want to participate in something like this. I mean, this whole thing is just making them all look so ridiculous. And it's so performative and fake and obnoxious. And like I said earlier, of course, it's only causing problems for the retail employees there trying to do their jobs, trying to make a buck to survive. And the people who are simply trying to buy some stuff. And these people are so delusional and self-righteous. They say, "Well, it's supposed to be disruptive. That's how we're going to convince people to support us." Yeah. You're really going to convince people by acting like that? Sure. Uh-huh. Like what kind of delusional fantasy land are these people living in where they really think that's gonna compel people to to side with them? >> We'll be back. WE'LL BE BACK. WE'LL BE BACK. WE'LL BE BACK. WE'LL BE BACK. WE'LL BE BACK. >> YEAH. YEAH. YEAH. Of course, they're threatening to return. I don't even think these people have a genuine care about immigrants and immigration, though. I think they just use immigrants as a political tool and they're using this whole situation to like to to indulge in their self-righteousness and put on this performance. It's like a bunch of aging theater kids that never actually mentally matured. >> Not allow collaboration with ICE as they terrorize our neighbors and murder legal obser observers to be con can be convenient for Target or for any other major company in this c in this country. >> THAT'S RIGHT. FAST TARGET TO SPEAK OUT against the violence and family separation that is terrorizing our communities and tearing families apart in their stores, in their parking lots, and in the communities that they claim to serve. >> Claim to serve. Lady, they're selling stuff. They're selling chips. They're selling household items. Household staples. What are you What are you talking about? By the way, there's no ethical consumption under capitalism, right? So why are you now trying to get target to like virtue signal along with you? Come on. I also love how whoever's recording like zoomed in on that dude. Is that guy on drugs or something? His eyes are all dilated. He hasn't blinked in like two minutes. He's just like staring into the void. And it almost comes off like this guy who's one of the only men there has to be on drugs to put up with this stuff. And it begs the question like what is he even doing there? Why is he subjecting himself to that? The man can't even be around these people sober, but he's still like going to go and you know do all that stuff. You know what? I don't think I want the answer to that question. Let's just say it's rhetorical. That is definitely enough of that brain rot for today though. So I'll leave it there. As always, thank you for tuning in. Have a lovely week and I'll see you next