Greetings, Culturians, and welcome back to 
the channel. We've got uh breaking news,   or at least some interesting news as things start 
to fall apart in media. We of course talk about   layoffs, but there's more going on here 
than meets the eye. So, here we go. Now, before we get started, just a quick reminder, 
double check you're still subscribed to the   channel. And if you're not, if you're part of 
the 40% that isn't, please subscribe now. you'll   be doing me a huge favor. We will get closer to 
50K and you won't miss important news like these   layoffs and more impending disasters. And with 
that, let's jump into the first story coming to   us from Deadline. And while the story may be a 
few days old and this news was kind of breaking   over the weekend, what's really occurring is 
something I don't think people are prepared   for. The massive number of layoffs coming to all 
the news media outlets. For example, CNBC looks   to trim international staff. Well, that's already 
being done. In fact, I'd heard about this all the   way back on the 2nd or the 3rd of September, and 
we're just finally getting around to it making it   to the news on the 5th. Well, here we are now, and 
we're looking back at this going, "Okay, what else   is happening?" Well, plenty. You see, CNBC has 
an international staff that it may not need. For   the most part, we're starting to see jobs like 
at an international media company be released   into AI. AI is now becoming the new factor that's 
stripping jobs away from all parts of the media.   From the story, business TV network CNBC is taking 
steps to shed up to two dozen workers. That's   two dozen. That's 24 workers that are going to be 
out of a job. Their international operation which   is based in London and Singapore and some other 
offices around the globe don't really need that   many people due to British labor laws. They have 
to delay or slow roll this particular move because   there has to be a quote unquote consultation. And 
once the layoffs take effect, they're not going   to replace those people because of the employment 
silliness in the UK. I think nobody in their right   mind would put another body over there that can 
be replaced by AI. The editorial positions are   in the digital area of the company. Again, easy 
to replace with something like chat GPT or even   Grock, maybe even something else that maybe has 
a little bit more ability with the written word.   Regardless, their statement says, "We are 
currently consulting on the proposed changes to   the organizational structure of the international 
team to ensure we are best positioned to deliver   our long-term strategic priorities, which 
believe it or not is less people. In fact,   in the globe as it currently is being managed 
under leadership, they're deciding to eliminate as   much of the carbon that is represented by humans. 
So, you want to talk about carbon reduction   they'll get rid of you. Ultimately, in the coming 
months, CNBC and all other cable networks apart   from Bravo are currently being shed by NBCU, which 
is obviously getting rid of things through this   Versant spin-off, or they're getting rid of the 
people within the organizations. The streamlining   of CNBC is not directly related to the spin-off, 
insiders said. But Versant is looking to staff up   and fill some 750 positions across its networks 
as it finalizes its separation from NBCU,   which they have to do. They have to build a 
news organization. But for how long? Cuz once   everybody's kind of up to speed, how much of that 
news gathering will be done by actual humans? It's   a good question. But we have another question that 
needs answered. What's going to happen inside of   PBS? Well, massive layoffs are coming to PBS after 
federal funding cut and up to 80 national public   radio stations could shut down. Not to mention all 
the people that work there, which again, I never   understood why there were so many people if there 
was so little to actually do from the studio side   of the equation. PBS actually announced last 
week it would eliminate approximately 15% of   its workforce. But wait a minute, I thought the 
folks over at public broadcasting were telling us   there really isn't a lot of public money in PBS. 
Well, 15% anyway. In fact, Congress's decision   to eliminate all federal funding for public 
broadcasting will be in effect as of October 1st.   The cuts are going to affect at least 34 staff 
members which were they were unfortunately   notified last week on Thursday which compound 
earlier losses including major federal grants for   educational initiative discontinued this summer 
combined with the elimination of about three   dozen vacant positions which uh well like many 
corporations are seem to be permanent where they   have jobs open but they don't hire anybody. PBS 
is set to lose over a 100 jobs in total, reshaping   the organization's operational landscape, and 
the decision stems from a 21% revenue hit that   was outlined by PBS Chief Executive Paula Ker. 
The congressional recision, a clawback of 1.1   billion in planned expenditures over the next two 
years, coupled with the Trump administration's   termination of significant US education grants, 
has forced PBS to make tough financial decisions   despite efforts to mitigate the impact, including 
slashing travel budgets and halting merit pay   evaluations. The scale of the funding loss 
necessitated workforce reductions. Ker emphasized   that every facet of PBS operations would feel the 
impact, underscoring the severity of the financial   strain. And there it is again. Where is the strain 
coming from? Because I thought that the public   didn't give you so much money. Maybe in the form 
of grants and other things that you overlooked,   it might be a little more important to cover news 
in a more fair and balanced way. But regardless,   we're about to see PBS fall apart. CNBC is going 
to be downsizing, not just the international jobs   we just talked about, but also here in the United 
States and around the rest of the globe. In fact,   I would suspect that CNBC is just a tiny little 
bite out of the apple compared to what's going   to happen in larger news organizations like CNN, 
which in my opinion should be spun out into its   own independent sphere and will promptly find its 
way to the bottom and out of existence probably in   the next decade. In fact, there's a decent chance 
that about 50% of the digital news information   outlets that are currently in existence will not 
exist in the next decade. And that's truly saying   something. So, I have to ask the question, do you 
think any of the digital news outlets that we use   on a regular basis will still be there in 5, 10, 
15 years? Do you think that the landscape as far   as websites and linear media assets will still be 
in existence? For example, do you think ABC, NBC,   CBS will be here? What about Fox? Or do you think 
they will be completely replaced by YouTube and   offerings of a similar nature that actually inform 
people authentically with up-to-date information?   Well, for me, I think that's likely the direction 
we're headed. and the old-fashioned legacy media.   Well, it'll be something of the past, just 
like the horse and buggy whips. And since   this is audience participation at this time, I'd 
like to know your thoughts down in the comments   section below. What is news media going to look 
like in the next decade? As always, be sure to   take care of yourself, take care of others, 
and until next time, see you, but not on PBS.