[Music] Another epic Chud victory has happened, ladies and gentlemen, because Polygon has been sold and mass layoffs are happening. And guess where all the Polygon employees are going to cry? They're going to Blue Sky. That should tell you everything you need to know about Polygon and the type of people that were there. A number of Polygon reporters were laid off on Thursday, including co-founder and editor-inchief. The job cuts coincided with the announcement that Vox Media was selling the video game focused site to Valnet. Terms of the deal were not disclosed and Vox Media rep declined to tell the rap how many staffers lost their jobs as part of the sale. Uh, I am no longer with Polygon. If you're hiring, please consider the many talented writers and editors now on the market. Uh, on Blue Sky, Chris Plant said every one of them deserves a spot on your staff. I won't be talking more about the sale because I was not involved. Going to hang out with my kid, taking wins where I can. So, here you have it. Polygon staffers going to Blue Sky. That is so freaking beautiful right there. Uh, other Polygon staffers shared they were let go on social media as well, including their correspondent right here, this guy, uh, who had been with Polygon since it launched in 2012. I feel nothing says Charlie Hall posted on Blue Sky. I feel nothing. Oh, this is glorious. Uh, Grum says right here, Polygon sold off. Fires almost everyone between market forces and the epic chud wins of last year. Gaming journalism is gone. This is a huge win. You're better off watching gameplay streamed and judging things for yourself. And of course, Kotaku is the source that he used right here. And we all expect Kotaku to be uh next or at least in the very near future closing their doors. Um really the only like also you got Kotaku, we wa we've got GameSpot still out there. We watched G4 just collapse right before our very eyes and IGN is still a thing. It feels like IGN is not as bad as places like Polygon and Kotaku. I'm not saying IGN is good because they're not, but it just doesn't feel that they're as bad as a lot of these sites. You could just look up so many things that Polygon has done and so many articles that they have written and so many horrifically bad takes and their pure hatred for gamers. Um, and this is why they're in this position. And how many of us have said over and over again, this is where you're going to end up. Look at this right here. Well-known Polygon writer claims hard are must be intentional in Stellarblade. His other famous opinions include Bayonetta is sexist. Awful. Witcher 3 is sexist. Awful. He has pronouns in his name. Not even just in his bio. He has them in his name. These are the people we're talking about. Here's Savvy. If they were so great, Polygon wouldn't have gone under. experts and just uh and it's just a bunch of opinionated activists who think that they still control the industry. The day that devs no longer have to worry about some agenda driven chuckled duck putting out some stupid I can't believe the studios like this will be a glorious that studios look like this will be glorious if game bloggers would just write about the game instead of why they think more women need to be in the industry. Exactly. Because it's not about the game. It's not about the in It's not about the game. It's not about the gameplay. It's not about the mechanics. It's about the agenda involved in it. Wokeness is a disease. Once that disease has infected you, you need to cut it out completely. If you do not cut that disease out, it will spread and it will ultimately destroy. That's what a disease does. And wokeness is a disease. And Polygon just found out the hard way that wokeness always destroys. And of course, again, them being over there on blue sky is so funny, showing that you truly have learned absolutely nothing. You've learned absolutely nothing by going over there to that clown show uh you know, website. And if you don't know what Blue Sky is, Blue Sky is essentially uh a Twitter alternative or an X alternative uh that was created by Jack Dorsey. If I'm not mistaken, Jack Dorsey's the person that originally created Twitter. Then Twitter ultimately sold to Elon Musk, became X. Jack Dorsey created Blue Sky. People went over to Blue Sky, said that they couldn't they couldn't be part of X because Elon Musk is such a terrible person and he's, you know, connected to Trump and so people like Mark Hamill uh and other leftists ran over to Blue Sky. And now Mark Hamill's back on Twitter. Why? Because no one's listening to him on Blue Sky. Um many of them went over to Threads. Remember when Threads was a thing? They all ran to Threads because Threads was going to be the next big thing and then Threads failed and now they're over to Blue Sky so they can cry over there. Continue to cry. Gamers don't like you. Gamers don't want you anywhere near what uh you know is going on in the industry. And I agree with what Grums said in terms of like this is the rise of independent media. Find your favorite YouTuber, your favorite streamer. Um watch their gameplay videos, get their opinions on that. The rise of independent media continues and legacy media continues to uh show how completely irrelevant they are and they will continue to f fall into irrelevancy the more time goes on. So again a great day for gamers out there uh a bad day for the woke lunatics and no one has any sympathy for them whatsoever. So you guys let me know your thoughts in the comments below. Thank you very much for checking out this video and we will talk to you later. [Music]