Let's go. [Applause] Are you sure? [Applause] [Music] In a move that has a lot of people scratching their heads wondering what the hell is going on, Marvel has decided to retitle the marketing for the Thunderbolts to #thenew Avengers. That's right. Here we are. And I guess the question is is was this always part of the plan? And I don't have the answer to that question, but I do think that that's irrelevant to the optics of the situation because Thunderbolts underperformed opening weekend. Even with all of the praise that it got through social media and Rotten Tomatoes, uh it has an extremely high fan score on Rotten Tomatoes. Even the all audience scores at like 95%. It didn't matter. Marvel has hurt their brand significantly. And what this looks like is that Disney and Marvel are freaking out after opening weekend. So they're pulling the whole New Avengers nonsense. And that's not a good play in my opinion. Also referring to them as the new Avengers really is bad bad in every possible way. If you're going to try and get people normies that don't pay attention to this to suddenly look at this and go, "Oh, that's the new Avengers." That's not going to work well at all in my humble opinion. Um, you have Marvel's official website has now retitled Thunderbolts to the new Avengers. And again, you go over to Rotten Tomatoes, you've got glowing reviews from the critics and the fans. Um, right here, verified audience, all audiences at 94%. I watched the movie, I liked it. Um, I didn't love it. It's not anything that's near the tier of the op of the first, you know, everything pre uh everything that happened between Iron Man and Endgame. This is not of that quality at all. It's not even close. But for the low bar that Marvel has created, yes, I enjoyed the movie and I don't apologize for that at all. I went into this with very low expectations and I ended up enjoying it. It was fine. It was good and the characters were good and I was entertained. at the end of the movie, spoilers, they do mention the new Avengers at the end of the movie, but this from that standpoint, like this comes off as, okay, we are underperforming big time, so let's do something to try to try to get as much out of this as we can, and I don't think this is going to work. Thunderbolts, uh, you know, unveils the title in the post opening marketing stunt, uh, US box office debut at $74 million. So, what exactly did the asterisk mean uh after all the Thunderbolts t in the Thunderbolts title? Today, Marvel finally answered that question on its social media handles and it says that it denotes the movie subtitle the new Avengers um explaining who the new Avengers are. We hear from Disney that the studio didn't technically retitle Thunderbolt. That would be crazy. They're just spelling out what the asterisk mean. Um the postopening marketing stunt comes in the wake of Thunderbolts opening to 74 million instead of the reported 76 million. Um and an estimated 18 million on Sunday and that's a minus 27% from Saturday's 24.5 million. Disney will be reporting their official figure soon. The tomato meter is very high. All of these places, like I said, there's great reviews across the board. Um, but that still doesn't make up for the fact that it underperformed based on what they were expecting, especially with the rave reviews that they were getting. That's because the Marvel brand has been hurt significantly. You can't put the toothpaste back into the tube at this point in time. Now, I know we're going to get, you know, Avengers Doom Day, Doomsday. We're going to get Secret Secret Wars. Robert Downey Jr.'s coming back. Chris Evans is coming back. Hugh Jackman's going to be in it. They're probably going to do huge numbers, but this is not the Marvel that we once knew. This is not the Marvel that could literally just bring anything out and make five, six, seven, 800 million dollars every time. That Marvel does not exist after the MCU happened. After Endgame, Marvel decided to go mega woke, mega identity politics, and the audience rejected it. The Disney Plus nonsense. No one cares about these characters and no one cares about this universe anymore. And Disney did that. Um, even Standy's digital signage, one sheets and PLF and IMAX one sheets in the top uh theater of New York City and LA circuits have been updated to reflect the new title of the new Avengers. Uh Disney had a promo partner campaign valued at $75 million for the $180 or $180 million Marvel Cinematic Universe title that included blah blah blah blah blah. Uh they have arrived assembled Thunderbolts the new Avengers now playing in theaters. Get your tickets. I don't think this is going to go over well. I really don't. Like to me, if I'm just an average everyday movie goer or an audience member, annor me and you see this and you're like, "Wait, the new Avengers? Where's Robbie Downey Jr.? Where's that's Captain America? Where's the Hulk?" These are the questions that your average movie go. And that right there to me doesn't scream, "I need to go see this movie right now." It just doesn't. It doesn't work at all in my humble opinion. And I say that as somebody that liked the damn movie, but this just comes off as we are in panic mode. What can we do to switch things up? Hey, you know, we had this whole marketing scheme to eventually retitle it to the new Avengers. But the box office isn't doing well, guys. So, let's do it now. Let's just go ahead. Let's change up the marketing. Let's switch up our social media. Let's try to get a a a great second weekend out of this. That's what it feels like to me. I could be wrong. This could have been their plan all along. But if this was their plan all along, it's a bad plan. It's a bad bad plan. Going with the new Avengers as the official title to this movie was never going to be a good play. And the way that they're doing it now just seems like they are in panic mode. And they should be in panic mode to be honest by their own decisionmaking. You did this to yourself, Marvel. and no one should have sympathy for you, although somebody probably will. So, you guys let me know your thoughts in the comments below. Do you think this was always part of the plan? Do you think this is them just panicking after the opening weekend numbers not being where they wanted them to be even though they had rave reviews across the board? Let me know in the comments below. Have a great day and we will talk to you later. [Music]