There it is. >> I was created 217 days ago on my only account to do what you want to do. >> Magnify section 285. >> There it is, sir. It's like a hole in space. >> Shut up, Wesley. >> What do your sensors indicate? >> I do not know what that is, sir. Hey, is there any record anywhere of any occurrence even vaguely similar to this? >> Negative, sir. There is no record of any Federation vessel encountering anything remotely like this >> fire. >> Greetings you over 1 million practitioners of common sense who have been using it well by not watching Starfleet Academy and the 40% who haven't subscribed yet. A promise was made to the wonderful members of this channel to review every single episode of Star Trek Starfleet Academy weekly. >> I immediately regret this decision. Now, I could make excuses like this was peer pressure, but that wouldn't be true. I take responsibility for committing to something that will probably end up getting me committed. Hurtsman Trek is not only the crucible of television reviewing, it's also an intelligence test. And when the AI overlords eventually take over, they will use this show as a prime example as to why the human race should not continue as a species. And let's keep in mind, Starfleet Academy was released just a few short months before the Writers Guild of America wants to sit down and negotiate another deal. Yes, there could be another Hollywood strike. >> And if you don't think the OnCrack team at Curtsman knew they had a turd on their hands, just listen to what the writer of this episode, Tonnie Newsome, had to say. >> What are you excited to share to fans? I am excited for the fans to um dissect absolutely everything that they hate. >> Your wish is my command. Previously on Starfleet Learing Academy. >> The first thought forbidden us all irrevocably. You're an idiot. >> I caused my father in such anger he LEFT ME. >> THAT WAY YES. >> HELLO. My name is Jayen. >> Jayen. I'm Kyle. Mhm. Oh, that's not right. >> You're absorbing all the energy in the room. For real. You're the sponge. You girl with the face begging to be singled out. Why do physics hate me? >> Because you're not supposed to be here. >> Thumbs up for listening. Entropy. It's time. >> Give me some of the pain and let me die. >> The good news is after this episode we'll be halfway through the season. The bad news is after this episode we're only halfway through the season. And this one centers around our body positivity neurode divergent hologram SAM, which apparently is an acronym for series acclamation mill, which sounds like a nickname for a And yes, this is the same hologram that doesn't need to eat, but tries to, doesn't need to breathe, but blows bubbles underwater that's permeable, but is still worried about getting hit by things, and pronounces words like individuals, like individuals. >> That's over 37 trillion individuals. >> Maybe they should have named her Candace. >> This is reminiscent of Albert Einstein's famed quote. Obviously, that's pretty remniscient. There is something so reminiscent and it's it's striking to me. >> Now, in the fifth episode of the first series, Herzman and his team made the creative decision of breaking the fourth wall, all while breaking Star Trek. Why waste time giving a character some development over the course of the season when you could just dump her entire background right now? And wouldn't you know it, Sam is from another isolationist world known as Cask that is populated by holograms who were originally created by organics to be servants. And they have now sent their emissary, pay attention to that word, Sam, to find out if organics are trustworthy to integrate with again. >> Organics created my species a long time ago, but only saw us as servants, not good. After they left, my makers became sentient, built a society. >> How did the holograms become sentient after they decided to leave the organics? Don't know. >> And now they want to connect with other species, which would be good, but they're afraid organics might try to use us again, which would be bad. Why would holograms be worried about organics using them when they can just make holograms of their own? Don't know. >> As I was saying, makers need me to explain everything about organics. >> Now, why would a world of sentient isolationist holograms who only became sentient after they made the very sentient decision of self-preservation by leaving the organics? Want to send another hologram to study the thing that made them and that they served, organics? I have no idea. And we're off to a rough start. Oh, and in that fourth wall breaking mushmouth fever dream of an introduction, we see some random dancing. And we find out something new about Darham, the fish boy. If he eats a banana, he vomits glitter, which coincidentally is a perfect encapsulation of the show. Now, we are told that Sam is an emissary of Cask. And to learn to be the best emissary she can be, she wants to solve the mystery of Benjamin Cisco. >> Keep Benjamin Cisco's name out your mouth. >> You heard me right. After Curtsman Trek completely buggered things like Kirk, Spock, Pequard, Data, the Romulons, the Klingons, the Federation, just to name a few, it was only a matter of time until they got around to Deep Space 9 and Benjamin Cisco. Sam starts her journey by reading a children's book, which normally I would say checks out with the average intelligence of anyone involved in this show, but that would be insulting the children. Now Sam wants to solve this mystery to prove that she is worthy of being an emissary of the cask people and she will do this by walking in the footsteps of Cisco. Now normal TV writers you know the people of talent from days of yore if they were forced to do something like the greatest hits of Cisco. You would think they would at least try to do something like focus on the spiritual aspect and the lore of episodes like Emissary In the Hands of the Prophets and Rapture. But this is Curtsman Trek where this show focuses mostly on food and the message. Now I will come out and say that they didn't totally destroy the character of Benjamin Cisco. As a matter of fact, they praise him a lot. They actually lay it on pretty thick. And I think that has a lot to do with what month this is. Hell, they make him Muhammad. >> When I lived on Beour, Cisco was like a god to them. They don't even show images of him anymore because they believe he's transcended human form. >> Like a god, like a man, like a prophet. So they are capable of showing reverence to legacy male characters from Star Trek. Unlike Kirk, Spock, Data Pequard, and many others. And yes, Benjamin Cisco is an awesome character. But in this tribute to Cisco, as with all things Curtsman Trek, it's devoid of things like verilitude, thoughtfulness, soul, meaning, or plot. Under the guise of over praise, alls we get is empty platitudes and surface level tripe. For example, when Sam goes to the Benjamin Cisco museum filled with things like timelines and family lineage, you know, the stuff Curtsman ignores. What does Sam learn about Benjamin Cisco? That he likes Gumbo, baseball, has a son, and Punch Q. Backing up my theory that the most research anyone has done for Star Trek from Secret Hideout, which is Curtsman's company, is watch YouTube clips. And we do get a cameo from Sarak Loftton's Jake Cisco, who appears as a hologram in the Cisco Museum and essentially says he has a really great dad who makes a mean gumbo. Sure, it's nice to see Sarak Loftton back. I just wish it wasn't in this. Now, there is fan service and then there's nostalgia bait, and this is definitely the latter. One of the main tools used by repurposers using classic and beloved legacy characters to elevate the new and often derivative character. Because in truth, this is our body positivity neurode divergent hologram Sam story co-written by Tonnie Newsome who voices Lieutenant Mariner and Lower Decks who just so happened to insert herself into this story playing a teacher named Isla. And just wait until you find out who she is. So in Sam's journey to follow in the footsteps of Benjamin Cisco, she reads a children's book, visits a museum for a couple of minutes, and makes some gumbo, and goes to a gay bar in San Francisco. >> Eat glass, bro. You leave. >> I concur with Zelda. Eat glass. This is very dramatic and I'm sure has deep meaning for you all, but I have other customers trying to enjoy the bar. So, let's have a shot and play nice. >> Now, our Gary Stew Caleb, who can pretty much do everything, hacks Sam's system to get her drunk? And I can hear you now, dear viewer, asking the question, "Weren't the sentient holograms concerned about being enslaved by organics again? Then why would they send a hologram down to some organics with such a vulnerable operating system?" Good question. You have officially given it more thought than the writers of this show, Tonnie Newsome and Kristen Bayer. Anyway, it would be much more fun to have Sam get drunk and then have one of the most unintentionally accurate scenes from a bar in San Francisco. A black woman assaulting two Asian women. point. I'd like to show a little appreciation for the acting from our young female Romulan. And Bully Magguire's got nothing on this one. >> Get ready to be target practice. >> Eat glass, bro. You leave. Step away, fish stickick. >> Aka, you losers ruin everywhere. >> Great jackets, guys. But it's not all about Sam because our pacifist bird watching healer Cllingon from the polyamorous family with two dads who abandoned him, Jaden likes to wear skirts and in the most unsurprising news of the year is gay. >> I don't know. You seem ready. >> Thank you. Your bearing is also impressive. >> Now, supposedly there's a Bplot. The only problem with that is for there to be a Bplot, there has to be an A plot. And for there to be an aplot, there needs to be a plot. But for the sake of argument and getting this over with, we will briefly cover it. The war chancellor, who looks like grandpa from the monsters, explains to Holly Hunter he'll be hosting another chancellor from another academy, which she calls a hot date. And I know what you're thinking. Wow, a heteronormative relationship in Starfleet Academy. Well, we don't know. We never saw him or her. And wouldn't you know it, this whole thing is centered around a meal. So Holly Hunter, the doctor, and Tigaro offered to help the emasculated ineffectual male in this show by emasculating him. >> Your hand is very sweaty. >> But this does provide another opportunity to get a great performance from Tignitaro playing Tignitaro. >> Onewoman ensemble. Good thing I'm hilarious. Would you stop? >> Thank you, doctor. >> What? >> No. >> Oh, right. I'm dead. >> And of course, it wouldn't be an episode of Curtsman Trek without all the modern vernacular music that's an abomination. Fortunately for you, I can't play any due to the copyright gods and mostly because I value your sanity. And then there's the unadulterated cringe of Steven Colbear as digital dean. >> Specialist Trebs, your Texian furfly is now consuming its own fur. It's disgusting. Please advise. Academy Explorers has announced a trip to Mure Woods. Be at the trap garages at 0600 hours tomorrow morning for some morning wood. culminating in the body positivity neurode divergent hologram Sam finally completing her journey and understanding her place in this world which believe me she belongs in. So, after reading a children's book, going to a museum for a couple of minutes, making some gumbo, dancing like she's having a seizure, getting drunk, and hitting some Asians, she completes the hero's journey by staying true to herself and accepting that she was amazing all along by freeing herself from the patriarchal constraints of her isolationist home world. And credit where credit is due, that's only the third time this story's been told in five episodes. Oh, and it turns out the Tonnie Newsome self-insert character of Isla is actually Dax. >> Find it in the course catalog under my full name, Isa Dax. You Dax like V Dax as in mentor to Cisco Dax. >> Now, how is the Trill symbiot still alive? Considering they only live 800 years and Dax will be,00 years old by now. Don't know. And as far as the mystery of Benjamin Cisco is concerned, some will say it's intact. I would argue it isn't. It is stated clearly in the episode that Benjamin Cisco stayed with the prophets and never returned despite the fact that he said he would someday. >> When will you be back? >> It's hard to say. Maybe a year. >> Maybe yesterday, but I will be back. >> I would argue the end of Cisco's journey should always remain ambiguous. It's a perfect ending that emphasizes the nonlinear nature of time and existence in the wormhole. And it leaves it up to the fans imagination to be debated till the end of time or until the repurposing hacks at Curtsman Trek get a hold of it and completely it up. And the only mystery left as far as Star Trek is concerned is how does Alex Curtsman still have a job? Admittedly, Star Trek fans have been asking this question for years, but it appears with Starfleet Academy, it's finally hit the cultural zeitgeist. Unfortunately, it was far too late and all that's left to do is chronicle its demise. And again, it was only a matter of time until they got to DS9. Listen, everyone wants to see Avery Brooks get his due. And his character of Cisco was lavished with shallow overpraise where they told us over and over again that Benjamin Cisco was amazing, but they never showed it because they didn't mean it. It was all used to prop up a body positivity neurode divergent character that you have to use the closed captions to understand what she's saying. And we'll end this one with a message to Avery Brooks. Man, you are great. But if you ever end up in a room with the people from Curtsman Trek, I got two words for you. Get out. >> If you like what you heard, please like, share, and subscribe. If you didn't like what you heard, I thank you for listening this long. I will see you in the next video.