So, we're not done yet. We're not done yet. Things just got a lot worse. For Luciosa specifically, things got a lot worse for her because the internet did internet things and all those deleted VODs that Luciosa had scrubbed off her Twitch. Well, uh, they're kind of still out there as I saw a video from Diesel Patches going over this this uh website luciasa.dev dev where this person actually got the deleted VODs and uploaded them there. So yeah, this is a disaster for Luciosa. We can see a number of streams there including titles like Bassam Turney Team Captain, Team Widow Diff. Yeah, that aged horribly. And then a few days later after the Kingsman incident, suddenly her title, I need this, I'm kind of homeless. And this is one where she tried a lot of damage control. So, I went through that VOD and found some of the highlight moments, which we'll be showing and talking about in this video. Now, many people have argued that they view Luciosa as worse than CCFPS and worse than Zazak for the stuff that she said and did to Kingsman and especially for being a rat who stabbed the dude in the back after he carried her in duos for a significant amount of time. And people were disappointed that she was getting off kind of easy considering all that she did. But that was really because of her smaller internet presence compared to CCFPS and Zazak. And also that she was very urgent in deleting her VODs. But that evasion ends now because yeah, as mentioned, now we do have the VODs. I'll quickly add one thing, a disclaimer here. Some of these clips I sped up a little bit and I also cut them sooner than I'd like to comment on them. Normally, I like to let clips go a bit further before I comment, but there's potentially copyrighted music in the background, and you know how the YouTube copyright bots are. Now, thank you for your patience. Let's get started. And Lucasa begins by talking about why she's doing this stream in the VOD. It's all a question and answer sort of thing for her to clear up some misinformation. >> That's why I'm doing this. I want genuine questions so that I can answer it with a genuine response so that you guys can understand my point. Also, there's a lot of misinformation, too. All right, we're turning on followers only. Ask ask me a question and I'll I'm answering genuine questions. I don't want to answer any like some mean-spirited questions or questions about them. >> Oh yeah, genuine questions. Genuine answers. I'm just going to delete the VOD so no one can see it after and I'm going to turn on follower only mode. That's totally genuine. One of the first things that she addresses here is the Israel comparison that she made with Kingsman, which was a very bizarre comparison where it seemed like she was trying to make the implication that if you support Kingsman, you're the same as the people that support Israel, which again was just a bizarre thing to say. And after that, she goes on some virtue signal about how she's so great because she's donated a bunch of money to Palestine. And it's like, uh, okay. Uh, what does that have to do with Marvel rivals and the Deadpool Creator Cup tournament? So, I'm going to play the initial Israel comment that she made for context for a quick refresher and then we'll get to her addressing this in the VOD. >> Seriously, answer this even if you support Kingsman, whatever. Support Kingsman like it's Israel. Anyways, whatever whatever you have in your head, I have a genuine question. I have a genuine question. >> So, that's the clip of the Israel comparison that she made. And you know, looking back on that now with her talking about the genuine question stuff that we just watched that she brings up later in the more recent VOD that's been deleted, it's like interesting phrasing, right? Is this something she says regularly? Oh, genuine question. Genuine question and genuine answer. My point is it's uh it's giving the opposite, right? Like the vibe I'm getting from her, this is just like manipulative language that she attempts to go with. like, hey, let me try to manipulate the situation, but I'm going to call it genuine. Totally genuine stuff here, guys. And then, as mentioned in the more recent deleted VOD, here's how she went back and addressed that clip, including her little virtue signal at the end. Thank you for addressing the Israel thing when I heard I was really disappointed. Yeah, dude. I'm literally a Muslim Lebanese Arab. Like, I like I And the fact that I'm getting called a Zionist, I'm a Muslim Lebanese Arab. Like, get that? Like, that's crazy to me. I am a Lebanese Arab. Like, I have 100% donated more. I have definitely donated more than all of you guys combined to Palestinians. I literally have family there. Your ethnicity doesn't justify the moronic comparison, but I didn't compare. I think you guys are ignoring that. I didn't compare Kings like supporting Kingsman is supporting Israel. I didn't I didn't I guess it does sound like I said that, but honestly, I didn't mean to make it come off like that. I just didn't like the oh, I support Zaza. I support Kingsman. I didn't like the like picking sides. Like I just I thought it was I thought it was silly. I I already said I I regret saying it. It was a little bit It was a little bit stupid. But I wasn't comparing any Kingsman supporter to like being Israeli. >> It just comes off like it's impossible for her to take accountability on something. Even there where she was kind of admitting it was stupid. You know, she said something like she thought it was a little stupid. She instantly right after that kind of walked that back even more by saying like, "Oh, I wasn't comparing him to being Israeli." Yeah, we we know what you said. You compared supporting him to being like someone who supports Israel. Again, it was a weird comparison. And even here where she was about to kind of admit that, she still like was uh incapable of doing so. Her saying she doesn't like people picking sides, by the way, and trying to say that was silly is absurd. Let's be real, Luciosa. The reason you don't like that is because the majority of people are against your side. They're against your side. So, she's going to say, "Oh, the picking sides is silly." reminds me of the same tactic Ashlin FPS tried in that really manipulative statement where Ashlin said something like, "I've taken a look at all the information and clearly everyone is in the wrong." And it's like, "No, clearly Kingsman is not in the wrong." It was a really pathetic attempt at trying to get people to stop supporting Kingsman so much to level the playing field, so to speak. And no surprise, we saw Discord leaks showing that yeah, Ashlin behind the scenes was clearly siding with Cece. So that was just a rhetorical manipulation tactic. Anyways, back to the clips. We have Luciosa then being asked about her relationship with Kingsman after all of this transpired. >> Are you Kingsman okay though? I wouldn't say I I am okay with Kingsman. I don't think I don't know if he's okay with me. I doubt it. I'm not okay with him and I don't think he's uh okay with me. >> It's pretty funny hearing her say that she's not okay with him. It's like bro didn't even do anything. You're the one that stabbed him in the back. He was carrying you for a while. He was nice to you and then this is what he got for it. In the next clip, she goes on to address her so-called apology to Kingsman, which in my opinion was not an apology at all. And she elaborates on this by showing some DMs that she had with him. >> A lie. I did apologize to him. This is the freaking screenshot. I asked him, "Kingsman, are you doing all right?" He said, "No, I'm not." I said, "Dude, why didn't you stop? I tried to tell you to shush." This was after he told um when Zaza said, "You're making me feel like shit." I told him to shut the up cuz honestly, I'm going to double down on that. He should have. When a teammate says, "You're making me feel like shit." Like, just stop, bro. You're You're ruining her mental, she's going to play worse. Honestly, it's just not it. The best thing you can do for someone who's not going to swap is try to encourage them to play better. That's why I was glazing her regardless. >> I like how she admits here that she's just lying to to [snorts] she's just lying to Zaza Stack's face. She's like, "Oh, yeah, she was playing terribly, but I glazed her to try to get her to play better instead of Kingsman, who was at least honest about it." And how dare Kingsman be honest about this? How dare he make recommendations to improve the team comp. Oh, what a what a bad dude. We need to get him kicked from the tournament. You should have been glazing her. Oh, Zaza, you're like zero and five with zero assists, too, somehow. But that's fine. You're doing great. Keep up the great work. >> I already said that. He said, "I did nothing wrong, Lucy. I'm going to make a video about it." And I said, "Okay, that's fine, but I don't think it's fair to say you did nothing wrong. You were on Zaza for a while, days, and you could hear it in her voice. She was getting upset." And I said, "Oh, no." He's sorry. He said, "Uh, no, don't worry. I'm actually going to explain everything. And I said, "Well, all right. I'm sorry. I'm sorry about you getting kicked. I was excited to be on the same team as you." "Yeah, same." And then he said, "Bro, I rewatched and you rage baited me so hard." And then, yeah, let's take a look at these DMs a little closer. This is what she's saying is her apology one more time. I'll read this now. Kingsman says, "Don't worry. I'm going to actually explain everything. Before that, he mentioned making a video about it." So, you know, he's going to explain everything in the video. She says, "Well, all right. I'm sorry about you getting kicked. I was excited to be on the same team as you. And Kingsman says, "Yeah, same." Now, Kingsman, I'm pretty sure, was genuine here. Previously, he already expressed that he was happy to be paired up with Luciosa. When he found out that he was teamed with her, he was like joyful about it. And again, this was someone that he had played with before as a duo partner on numerous occasions. But Luciosa, given what she did to him, this whole thing comes off like further manipulation from her in my opinion. like, "Oh, I'm sorry about you getting kicked." She didn't apologize for what she did, and she's trying to act like this is an apology from her about what she did, but clearly that's not I'm sorry about you getting kicked. What about your involvement in it? I don't think she was really sorry about him getting kicked either. As a matter of fact, I think she was happy about that. And now, you know, she's trying to gaslight him in the DMs here. Thankfully, I don't think Bro fell for it. Lucioa then takes a note out of the Zaza stack playbook by bringing up the sexist and racist comments that she's been getting. The same thing that Zaza said when she tried to justify her locking her comments, but you take a look at the comments that she was getting. And the only two critical ones in the OP that I saw was one person saying it said a whole lot of nothing. And yo, you could have just swapped and all of this wouldn't have happened. But hey, yeah, that's totally sexist and racist to say that. Oh yeah. Uh-huh. Definitely not. Just throwing some buzzwords out there. So people often do this when they're trying to deflect. They'll bring up like the fringe examples of comments that they may be getting that are sexist and or racist, but as mentioned, they're fringe. It's like less than 1% of the critical comments that they're getting. And so they deflect. They ignore the actual justified criticism. And instead just say like, "Oh, it's all racist or whatever." When that's clearly not the case. and they're trying to tunnel vision trying to hyperfocus on those specific French comments to devalue all of the real criticism that they're getting because they don't have an actual response for that. Of course, >> I wouldn't talk to someone that lowkey put me on blast either. I mean, guys, like I don't like it's a lot of just straight sexism and it's like you have like Kingsman fans and then you also have just sexist just taking this opportunity. Also racist. I know Kingsman's not sexist, but it's just like, you know, I'm just I don't know. I don't really know what to say about that. I'm just not interested in being his friend. And everybody's taking this opportunity to kind of just uh hop on the hop on the bandwagon here and just be sexist. >> Yeah. So, she pretty much proves my point right there. She [laughter] she goes and says, "Everyone is being sexist." And it's like, "No, not everyone is doing that. These are fringe comments that she may be getting that she's trying to project onto everyone to devalue their justified criticism. Luciosa also seems to dislike this guy who made a video titled the Antigro Files. These people are not what you think. CC/ Luciasa, the Kingsman Saga, and seems to be talking about this Discord server uh rivals creators. There we go. Rival Creators. He had it on screen for a second. Now, I haven't actually watched this video, but this is what Luciosa has to say about it. He's a Charlie Kirk sympathizer. Here you go. >> He's saying the year of being bothered by someone being killed for political opinions is wrong. And the political opinion is literally Zionism. He's Okay. >> All right. And the political opinion is literally Zionism. >> It's pretty funny that she's got nothing to say about the Discord server he was talking about and how toxic some of the creators there are like CC FPS and Luciosa herself. She doesn't address any of that and instead just tries to character assassinate the guy. Now, look, I don't know anything about that dude. And as mentioned, I haven't even seen his video, but I would think if he made bad points, she could actually address the points and explain why they're bad, right? But she dodged them all, I guess. Not going to address any of it. Diesel Patches also brought up a very good point regarding Luciosa's contradictions and how she initially made it sound like she wanted Bassam to kick Kingsman, but that when she saw it was not the popular opinion, she momentarily attempted to walk that back and make it seem like that's not what she wanted. I >> have a genuine question. I have a genuine question. If you are Bassim, I'm thinking about it. If you are Bassim, you're holding a tournament. >> You have so many people lined up. You have people like Moxy, um, Mark Dezy, like these people are lined up. These are all some big hitters, too. You have some big hitters lined up. And one of these people is kind of like pressuring another person to swap after, admittedly, after he has like we can all agree >> Kingsman was told to stop. He was told to stop doing stop asking. >> He was he was everybody like, even ask him, I'm pretty sure he'll agree. He was told to stop asking. like very being very pushy about it after being told no multiple times. Still continues >> at you as the tournament host. Somebody's being very pushy about something, not really wanting a widow. I don't want a widow. I don't want a widow. What do you think you would do? You have Marky in your back pocket. You have Moxy in your back pocket. It is what it is. Like if you don't appreciate or you don't enjoy the team that you're on, then you can leave. I feel like that's like the mindset as like a host. I'm trying to think of it from Bassin's perspective. >> If I have some big hitters lined up and you're just complaining and nagging the whole time, >> bro, then just go. I got somebody lined up. I have Marty's Moxy. >> So, given the context there, when she's saying for bro to just go and talking about how Bassam's run the tournament, it's making an implication like she thinks Bassim should kick Kingsman, not that Kingsman should willingly step out. Now, I also disagree with her assertion. I don't think that's qualification or justification rather to kick someone in my opinion. Diesel then points out how she later would attempt to walk that back and pretend like she never wanted bro kicked. >> I apologize that he got kicked out of the attorney cuz had I known that Bassim was going to kick him out, I would have went and um defended it. Like I like I would have said voted against it. which yeah does not match up to what she said a moment ago in the prior clip before that making it sound like oh yeah Bassam should just kick the guy he can just go if he doesn't like what's going on in the team he can just go we've got plenty of other people to fill the spot anyways that seems to be all the main stuff and ultimately I'm definitely I've definitely heard enough Lucioa I I mean like between listening to Diesel's video and then going through the VOD myself and listening to like an hour or so of Luciasa I mean oh gosh man This actually takes me to the one criticism that I do have of Kingsman. The one thing that actually makes Kingsman look bad is that he apparently had duoed with her for a not insignificant amount of time. I don't know how bro put up with her for that long. I mean, I I couldn't imagine. So, that's the one criticism I got at him, but hey, at least that's all in the past now, it seems. So, yeah, I'll leave it there. And once again, you can find the VODs over at luciosa.pages.dev dev if you want to suffer through all that yourself. Uh, enjoy. Thank you for tuning in.