Amazon finally released the first image of Sophie Turner as Lara Croft as their Tomb Raider TV show being helmed by Phoebe Waller Bridge after years of being out in the wilderness is finally into production. Hi everyone, it's AZ here from Heel Versus Babyface. Do you know that it's been 3 years since the I say announcement, but since it came out that Amazon TV were doing a Tomb Raider TV show. On January the 27th, 2023, The Hollywood Reporter went with this heading of Phoebe Wall Bridge, prepping Tomb Raider TV series for Amazon exclusive. Sources say the Flea Bag Emmy winner will pen the script for the project, which is the latest to stem from her recently renewed overall deal with the streamer, which you have to admit is Amazon kind of regretting right now, particularly after having her horrendous flops with things like Indiana Jones. Oh my goodness me. and the reception to No Time to Die in which she was involved in changing the script to make it more feminist. So, after 3 years of being in the wilderness, cuz Lord knows it certainly isn't pre-production, we got our Lara Croft in Sophie Turner, aka Sansza from Game of Thrones. Not personally my number one choice, but there we go. And she put on some get up and went, "Hey, look. I'm Lara Croft. What do you think?" And here we are. Uh, this is what she looks like. Now, in terms of critiquing the outfit, I don't think there's particularly too much to critique. I mean, other than a couple of obvious things, uh, Sophie Turner is not quite as endowed as the video game version of Lara Croft, but the actual outfit looks very similar to the OG version. And even the glasses where she used to uh wear those uh circular red lens glasses. She's got her uh dual pistols, the green top, the brown shorts, the straps around the thighs. I would say you'd be hardressed to to at least criticize what we see here. The hair looks pretty much like Lara and then the ponytail. So, this is as good as you're going to get, I feel, from Sophie Turner. What I do find a little bit uh unfair, however, is the criticism of the New England Patriots 2025 schedule. Now, there's no denying that it's a pretty decent schedule, and I think a lot of clubs uh would have picked it. However, you still got to, first of all, win the games. you got to go out there, you got to perform, and you got to get the job done. Uh but secondly, it seems to be rules for thee and not for me. Because whereas a lot of people are saying, "Ah, the Patriots, they're essentially getting a free ride into the playoffs this season." One thing that they haven't said is the criticism that they would potentially level at the Bills schedule because the Bills schedule is pretty much identical to the Patriots. There's literally only a couple of changes and the Patriots ended 14 and3 during the regular season. Uh the Bills did not uh I think they were 12 or 13. So, uh, that's not our fault on a schedule that's the same. And a lot of people are saying, "Well, Josh Allen, you know, that guy deserves to go into a Super Bowl. That guy deserves to win a Super Bowl." I'm not trying to to belittle Bills fans here cuz, you know, I think Josh Allen is a fantastic quarterback. And I do think that one day he's going to get himself a Super Bowl ring. I mean, maybe if he joins the New England Patriots, that that could be one of them. But I do find that sort of level of criticism unfair when these two teams are being spoken about very differently. One of them is out of course which is the Bills. The Patriots still move on to the championship game against Denver this Sunday, but those schedules were essentially the same. I don't understand possibly other than her politics why Phoebe Wallbridge gets anything given to her in the first place. After all, the only thing that she's really received any critical praise for is her Flea Bag TV series, which only ran for 12 episodes. She was a laughingstock in Solo: A Star Wars Story, the most obnoxious character of L33T or whatever it was, 7 leaked, you know, do you get the meta reference? And I did laugh when her robot got pulled to pieces after that, of course. We have uh in Indiana Jones in the Dial of Destiny where she was horrendous. Uh a movie which lost hundreds of millions of dollars where we had to pretend that some horseface flat pancake ironing board of a woman uh was the subject of Desire for Men. But okay. And again, James Bond, No Time To Die, script consultant, uh, making Bond a cuck, her upr runninging, uh, her upcoming being Tomb Raider, and something called Screenshot, which is in pre-production. But if you just look, Big Bold, Beautiful Journey 6, Rule Breakers 6.6, if 6.4, it's not very impressive stuff in the slightest. What is impressive though is the defensive line for the Houston Texans and it has been all season. And so having the Patriots win yesterday put down to the fact that CJ Strad threw four interceptions uh kind of belittles what went actually on here because the Patriots simply beat Houston at their own game. They they outdefensed the great defense. They pressured them. Do you think CJ Stra just kind of stands there, looks around, and just goes, "Oopsies, that's an interception." No. Absolutely unbelievable pressure by the Patriots. They wore Houston down. And so when we got into the fourth quarter, that allowed the Patriots offense to start making those bigger runs, picking up eight yards here, seven yards there, etc., etc. Houston just got outplayed by the Patriots. But once bitten, twice shy, you can put an actor into a costume and they can superficially look like the character that they're trying to bring to life. But will Sophie Turner actually exhibit the traits and personality of Lara Croft? Will Phoebe Waller Bridge actually write Lara Croft as she's intended to be, which is a very self-absorbed thrillseker. Somebody that will go into another country, that will raid these tombs, that will take for her own personal pleasure and glory these artifacts and treasures. Or as we are most likely predicting, she will become some sort of heroine that will fight for the relics to be presented to their rightful owners, which will be leaders of those countries, etc. Who, if this was reality, would immediately just sell those objects on to collectors and take themselves a massive payday. the item to be lost for all time. What shouldn't be lost of course is the Patriots respect of the mile high stadium where they haven't clocked in a postseason victory going non4 at the mile high and even though Denver have lost Nicks as their quarterback with Ben Denucci just being signed to their practice team and he would be potentially available to start should they need him to and being an expatriot as Well, I just feel like Drake May's just got too much. He's got too much there. And with the Patriots on such a roll right now, this is the moment to see themselves after what many teams thought was a dynasty over back in the Super Bowl picture. An image can only go so far. You need something substantial, a trailer, something that we can actually see Lara in action. hear the type of dialogue that's going to be going on and get a good glimpse at Lara Croft's personality that also can be hid in a trailer as well with them very selectively putting iconography which we'll all sort of gravitate towards which won't necessarily show us exactly what this is all going to be about. It'll take a little bit of time. will get there in the end and we'll find out exactly whether or not this Patriots team can go all the way to the Super Bowl final. But with a defensive line which is now starting to kick into gear and with an offensive line which is scoring points against very stern defensive teams, I think every team in the NFL should start to worry that something amazing is going to be built on here. Is it time for the Dynasty to already rise up again? Sorry, what was I talking about? Sorry. I'll see you in the next video. You take care. Goodbye, Balubu.