[Music] Shadow Summon. Have you ever noticed that it's very similar to Sauron? Have you ever gotten Sauron and Sauron mixed up? Yes. Do you reckon that queued people off? Gandalf was like, "Nah, I'll be fine." You know? Maybe, maybe not. Who knows? Well, I guess he wasn't. He was supposed to be a good guy for many thousands of years. And he was kind of kind of. Anyway, what are we talking about today is Soman staff. This thing here is awesome. Is it tyrants? Yes. That's That's a mace. I mean, I agree. It's a mace. That's a mace on a really long half. Yes. It's also got magic. Not Not this one, but like in general. That's my point is that in the hands of a magic user like Saurromon, it's really needed. I mean, does it hurt though? This is the thing though is that even just as a magic staff, it's able to do all the magic stuff. Shoot fire, blah blah blah blah blah blah, right? Does it though? Additionally, it is also a not bad spear because it has those points, spikes. Spikes. Yep. It's a mace with a real with a lot of leverage on it. On top of that, it does have that little middle gem which you can light on fire. So, it becomes a torch in the dark. And I'm sure there's another thing there, but I'm probably currently forgetting it. That's like three additional practical things that outside of being a staff just enhances it. Yes. Yeah. But it's still not the most optimal weapon. Yes. We're we're we're dealing with, you know um runner up prizes like, you know. Yeah. Yeah. But it's a magical staff. So, what's better? That or a stick. Uh I This is better than a stick. That's the That's a good baseline actually. Taffs are just sticks. This is better than those sticks. Therefore, it's better than most magic staff. How good how good would a weapon be if it's not as good as a stick then? Be a pretty crap weapon. Yeah. Yeah. be like a garbage to your weapon. You just can't help yourself, can you, man? Just every I know. I'm just glad you brought back the baseline and and you're winning me over now, Ty. M. Yes. So, this here is better than a stick. Okay. My point is that Well, it's clearly not better than a hellbird. No, but it's not a hellbird, though. So, like, it's not even used in the same context. It's not even the same thing. It's a magical wizard staff. And for magical wizard staffs, as far as they go, I think this one's the best. really know what magic it can do. It doesn't matter. I'm talking about the design of the staff itself as a staff and nothing else. Comparing this to any other fantasy staff that you've seen, this is the one that has the most crossover into a practical design outside of the magic. I don't know, Frein staff. This is way better, bro. It has a rounded edge to concentrate force and all it needs is that uh spearhead on top and it would be better. So, here's the thing about maces, tyrants. Maces shine when you're fighting people in armor. They are not the most to be fair though, best weapon to pick without options. But even without armor, they still are pretty good weapons. Crack skulls open, but a sword in general use is vastly superior to a mace. Mhm. Same with an axe, right? Yeah. So, we're talking about magic staffs then. Yeah. And as are you being deliberately obtuse today? Cuz you are annoying me right now. You are being ridiculous. You are setting ridiculous standards right now. I just don't know. Like like if I was a wizard and I wanted a staff that could, you know, function as a melee weapon as well, I wouldn't choose this design. What would you go with? A spear at the very least. Nice big pointy be. And then maybe an axe head if I really want to go all the way. Okay. So that stops being a magic staff and becomes a halbert then with a magic a magic halbert which is fine but that's not a wizard staff. We've got to make that distinction. Why couldn't it be? Because a staff isn't a halbert like the same thing. No. No. Why? Why? Why? Like are there any in-law reasons why a wizard staff could not be a halbird? Not that come to immediately to mind. See? So why not then? Okay. All right then. So, every single wizard staff is trash and they should just all be melee weapons. Yes. Yes. Okay, great. Okay, we agree. All right, let's go hit some things with this then. This week's exclusive is an interesting one where Tarth and I talk about how the long sword or sword fighting in general actually teaches you practical self-defense techniques, no joke, that are applicable in the modern day in ways that you might not expect. And so that's going out to all of our supporters. And to become one, all you need to do is contribute as little as $1 a month. Now guys, it might not sound a lot, but because so many of you have signed up and helped us out, that is what is sustaining us, and that is the only thing. So if you're like willing to do that, it means more than we can express. You can support us through Subscribe Star, Patreon, or channel memberships, and then you get these exclusive videos. This week's one is a really interesting one. Thanks, guys. We're just in the midst of shot agreeing with me. Oh, in what I I spear fishing. Yeah, I think I think yes. Yeah. Yeah, it can. Not as a weapon, though. It can be Well, what in what context would you want to need to do that against someone? Let me let me get your fish. Well, I'm I'm putting into the context of a magic staff is usually terrible as just a regular weapon. Like, there's no crossover apart from being a club. Yeah. The moment you take away the magic, it's useless. It's just it's a well quarter staff. It's as useful as a cornerstone. You take away the magic and it's awesome. Yeah. Like one spike would be so much better than the four. Mhm. Wolverine effect. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But it's still a magic staff. That's it primary function. And it does that fine cuz the concept of battle wizards have been around for ages, right? And they do incorporate the wizard staff into a a a proper dedicated weapon like a sword blade on the top or a spear or any number like it's been done before. Or you can incorporate wizard stavs into other weapons heaps of ways. And this is not the most optimal configuration. I don't know, man. A giant mace that can smash through armor. It also is good at thrusting. Also can be used as a torch. If I was fighting people in armor, I would opt for this over a sword or an axe. Can we do the ninja star? Oh, it's bit too long. Yeah, I actually Yeah, it is. It is actually a little too long. It's supposed to be kind of around our head heights cuz like aiming at this distance that's a bit tricky. We're good. Yep. I think you tipped it. I think I hit the tip. Yeah. I'm tired. All right. Give me a break. Mhm. I didn't say anything. A we got there in the end. Yeah, it exploded. You know, I expected that. Yep. Yep. Give it a bit of a thrust. Spear would be better. M yes, I agree, Shad. We agree that a spear designed for such tasks would be fantastic at these things. However, this completely fantasy item that is not made for these things is also pretty good at them. I will say it's not the worst. Yeah. Was that me or the staff? Well, with how I'm going today, I'll say it's me. Yep. Let's just be honest about that. Yep. That was a good one. That was actually All right, that was pretty cool. Yeah, that was that was all right, you know. Yeah, we got there in the end. Busting a bottle in half and messing it up. That was That was kind of cool. You didn't split in half. It's close enough. I don't know. That's That's the standard now. And if Tyrant can't split one in half, I'm clearly more proficient in this weapon than he is. Don't think so. You're more proficient with magic staff. So, yes, I'll take that. And I still nailed it first try. Yeah, but you didn't split it open. Shut up. [Applause] Damn it. I cut that in half. Damn it. You did that. Okay. Your love of the halfling's leaf has dulled your mind. Oh, thank you for bringing us a line. We were trying to think of lines from Sauron at the beginning. I was just trying to think what could I call you an idiot for. So, what do you think? I mean, I know what you think. You're You're a party pooper. I don't want to talk to you about this. The lighting is terrible. It's all right. It's awesome. It is a torch. You can put some flame in here and light your way. It is also a big force concentrator. So, like this thing is awesome. It's all right. It has magic. That's good. We know that. Thank you. Thank you for that comment. We know that it does magic, but it also does some other cool things. Don't mind him. Thanks for watching, guys. [Music]