He asked a question I knew I was going to get. Do you have an update on the winds of winter? Um, you know, it's the same update I've been giving for a long time. I'm I continue to work on it. It continues to get longer and longer. I mean, I was working on it the day before I flew back here for three or four days, but I was I was rereading some chapters that I'd written earlier and I didn't like them well enough. And uh so I kind of ripped them apart and rewrote them. Um and I've had some ideas while I've been on this trip. I got to get back and and hopefully get to it while the ideas are still fresh in my head. Um it's a big big book. I've said that before. It's a challenging book. >> nerdotic.com. >> Greetings, you over 1 million practitioners of common sense in the 40% who haven't subscribed yet. It's been a while since we've checked in on our old pal George RR Martin, who has been keeping himself busy doing absolutely everything except for the one thing his loyal and passionate fans want, finishing the sixth book of a sevenbook series, The Winds of Winter. And that's understandable considering since the release of the last book in the series, A Dance with Dragons, it's been 5,213 days. In that span of time, there's been three Winter Olympics, four summer Olympics, four presidential elections, five UK prime ministers, a new pope, a new king of England. The world population has increased with 1 billion potential readers. George has produced four books in The World of Ice and Fire that aren't Winds of Winter and A Dream of Spring. The World of Ice and Fire, The Night of the Seven Kingdoms, Fire and Blood Part One, and Rise of the Dragon. He was also the editor on The Book of the New Sun, Rogues, and 15 Wildcard books. He helped write a video game, Elden Ring. He's the executive producer on a TV show, Dark Winds. He is the co-creator of House of the Dragon on HBO, a show he used to be creatively involved in until he fell out with the showrunner, and Night of the Seven Kingdom, a show he is still creatively involved in, and admittedly, it looks pretty neat. a show that also happens to be based on an unfinished book series. And that's not to mention the at least seven Game of Thrones spin-offs that are in some form of development. And in that 5,213 days since July 12th, 2011, HBO has gone from being HBO to Max to HBO Max. JRR Tolken has postumously released five books. And worst of all, in the last 14 years, we've actually gotten more new material from the Epic of Gilgamish than the core A Song of Ice and Fire series. >> But wait, there's more. >> And the direwolf has come back after being extinct for the last 10,000 years. Something that George R. Martin partially funded. And to head some of you off in the comments, I know it's not technically a direwolf. We're just going with the joke here. Then there's all of George's updates. In October of 2012, he said, "I've already written 400 pages of my sixth book, and I'm really looking forward to publishing it in 2014. However, he warned he was really bad at predictions." >> No. >> Proportionately, how many pages into book six are you? >> I don't know. I haven't really counted. I I maybe I'm about a quarter of the way done or something like that. >> Give me some of the pain and let me die. In April of 2015, Martin said he hopes to release the book by 2016. In January 2016, Martin revealed that he missed multiple deadlines in 2015, and that was to get the Winds of Winner out before Game of Thrones season 6. "I tried. I promised you," he added. "I failed. I blew the Halloween deadline, and now I've blown the end of the year deadline," Martin told his fans. He is still months away from finishing. And that's if the writing goes well. though he is not going to set another deadline for myself to trip over. In February 2026, Martin promised, "I am not writing anything until I deliver wins of winter, teleplays, screenplays, short stories, introductions forwards nothing and I've dropped all editing projects except wild cards." In January 2017, Martin said, "I think it'll be out this year, but hey, I thought the same thing last year." And despite saying he wasn't going to write anything until winds was done in July of 2017, Martin confirms he'll release a Westeros book in 2018. And that book was Fire and Blood Part One. In April of 2018, Martin confirmed, "No, winter is not coming. Not in 2018, at least. You're going to have to keep waiting for the winds of winter." In May of 2019, George R. Martin famously made this infamous update. If I don't have the winds of winner in hand when I arrive in New Zealand for the World Science Fiction Convention in July of 2020, you have here my formal written permission to imprison me in a small cabin on White Island overlooking the lake of sulfuric acid until I'm done. In June of 2020, when George R. Martin was locked down and had absolutely nothing else to do but write the book, he reported that he still had a long way to go. In February of 2021, Martin revealed that he wrote hundreds and hundreds of pages of the Winds of Winter in 2020, calling it his best year of writing on the project. Why? I don't know. Maybe because you were locked down because of CO, maybe the isolation, or maybe I just got on a roll. Sometimes I do get on a roll. However, Martin cautioned he still had hundreds of more pages to write to bring the novel to a satisfactory conclusion. While adding, I have a zillion other things to do as well. >> Oh, [ __ ] off. In March of 2022, Martin wrote a similar blog that stated he'd made a lot of progress on the wins in 2020 and less in 2021, but less is not none. While adding Westeros has become bigger than The Winds of Winter, I'm not so sure about that, and the enormous number of projects he has on his plate, including, but not limited to Fire and Blood, which he has already written a couple of hundred pages of. Incidentally, after saying he wouldn't write anything else until wins in October of 2022, George did indeed admit that he stopped writing the winds a winner so he could write Fire and Blood part one. >> I asked them, "Well, what do you want me to just ignore the new show that's coming down the Pike or should I finish that book so you can get it out and then go back to and they said, "Yeah, give us the the new book gets closer to being done. You still have two more books." So, I I put Winds of Winter aside for a while and I concentrated on finishing Fire and Blood. >> Additionally, in October 2022, the coffee table book, The Rise of the Dragon, Part One, was released. >> My next guest tonight is the writer whose novels inspired HBO's Game of Thrones and its new prequel series, House of the Dragon. His latest book, The Rise of the Dragon, an illustrated history of the Targaryen Dynasty, Volume 1. But in that same interview in October of 2022, George did give a promising update. >> And I think I'm about 3/4 of the way done. The characters all interweave. >> Sure. Sure. >> So, I've actually finished with a couple of the characters. I got their whole story but >> not others. So, uh I have to I have to finish all that weaving, but it's still going to take me a while. And >> so, 10 years to go 75% of the way through means that >> that's depressing. That's depressing. Just in case you're keeping score at home, George R. Martin has continued to miss deadlines on his unfinished book, The Winds of Winter, the sixth book in an unfinished book series, A Song of Ice and Fire, only to occasionally stop working on that so he can produce Fire and Blood Part One, another unfinished book series. Also, he could step away from that to produce a coffee table book, Rise of the Dragon, Part One, an unfinished book series, while simultaneously working to adapt two TV shows, House of the Dragon, which is a tale with a beginning, middle, and end within an unfinished book series, and Night of the Seven Kingdoms, a show based on an unfinished book series. In December of 2022, George reported that he had written roughly 11 to,200 pages, but needed another 4 or 500 more, which by the way was that 75%. Then in November of 2023, we got this update >> and I'm struggling with it. You know, I have like,00 pages written, but I still have 100 more pages to to go. It's a big mother of a of a book. >> So from December 2022 to November 2023, George either lost 100 pages or made no progress at all, which surprisingly in 2024, the lack of progress continued. I rewrote some of the those brand chapters over and over again and I'm still struggling with the new ones that are in uh in the Winds of Winter, but uh hopefully we're we're getting there. >> And the updates got a little more bitter and frustrating. >> Is it is it difficult to have 90 million people waiting for your next word? >> Yes. especially because, you know, a certain portion of them are really impatient and snarky about it. >> In February of 2024, George found time to condemn toxic fans in all the fandoms. And then he got to his specific fandom in July of 2024 by scolding impatient fans. My favorite update is from August of 2024 when George said he was having trouble writing because of the rise of fascism. In September of 2024, we got some good news. He wrote a few pages for the Winds of Winter, but he also wrote a few pages for Blood and Fire, the second book in the unfinished Fire and Blood series. And he also said the various television projects ate up most of his time. In December of 2024, Martin finally admits the naysayers might be right. Unfortunately, I am 13 years late on the Winds of Winter. Every time I say that, how could I be 13 years late? I don't know. It happens one day at a time, but that's still a priority. A lot of people are already writing obituaries for me. No, we're not doing that. Oh, he'll never be finished. Yes, we are saying that. And maybe they're right. In April of 2025, Martin called the Winds of Winter the curse of his life. >> Some wags have said online, um, well, we got real dire wolves before we got winds of winter. Can you talk about where that project is? >> Well, that's the, you know, that's the curse of my life here. There's no doubt. Winds of Winter is 13 years late. >> Would you be interested in coming back for a sequel to Elden Ring if you're asked? >> Well, we I I can't say too much about it, but there is some talk about making a movie out of Elden Ring. So, we'll see. Yeah. If that comes to pass and uh you know what the extent of my involvement was, I don't I don't know. I'm a few years behind with my latest book, so that also limits the amount of uh things that I can I can do. In July of 2025, it was also revealed that Martin would be producing a liveaction adaptation of Elden Ring. At this point, what's one more project? And then in August of 2025, this happened. >> George, you're not going to be around for much longer. And this is a tough question that I wanted to ask. And this is more >> this is more directed at Brandon. Wait, I was wondering like how would you feel about someone else taking over and finishing the books? >> And this poor person from the Seattle Comic-Con got destroyed on the internet. And the great irony is that a lot of people who are on the spectrum didn't realize that this person is clearly on the spectrum. Some will say neurode divergent, others will say Tylenol American. And bless him, sometimes they'll say the quiet part out loud that everybody's thinking. But no, it couldn't have been good for George to hear. Now, this article from The Week in July of 2025, Martin insinuated in an interview with Penguin Random House that The Winds of Winter had about 1,500 pages completed because that would contradict what romanty author Jeffy Kennedy said in the summer of 2025 when she asked George how much he had gotten done on The Winds of Winter. He told her 70%. >> He is going to finish it himself. He says it's the longest book he's ever written. He's 70% through it. Uh, if he says that, I believe him. Oh my sweet so much child. >> Meaning since October 2022 when George said he had 75% done in the 3 years since then he's lost 5%. So again you'd have to understand the very loyal fans frustration when we get to the latest update which to the normie will sound innocuous but to the hardcore A Song of Ice and Fire fan it's soul crushing from Entertainment Weekly. Martin doesn't have kids, but he likened his works, including Wild Cards and AMC Drama Dark Winds, which he executive produced, to children that he loves equally. Yes, I do love The Winds of Winner. I am still interested in it. I'm still working on it, but honestly, I love other things, too. And it's that I'm still interested in it that has the remaining hopeful crushed. It's gone from I'm going to drop everything to finish the winds of winter to it remains a high priority to I'm going to get around to it to it's the curse of my life to I'm still interested in it. Imagine if you told your wife and kids that you're still interested in them but you love other things too. And once again, you can't blame the very patient and loyal fans who have given George their hard-earned money for being a little upset about that statement. It's not like A Dance with Dragons ended with some satisfying conclusion that would earn a 15-year weight. Since the release of the third book in the series, A Storm of Swords, in the year 2000, there's been exactly two books in the last 25 years, A Feast for Crows, and A Dance with Dragons, which were originally one book. And damn near, every character's journey ends on a Blue Ball cliffhanger. Did the three-eyed raven feed Bran, his best pal, Jojan, in some werewood soup? Did Ramsay catch Mance Raider and the Spearwives after Theon escaped with fake Arya from Winterfell? Will Barrist and Selme survive the Battle of Marine? Will the North finally get off their ass and remember and then pull off their own Red Wedding at Winterfell? Will Sir Davos, the Onion Knight, survive his trip to the island with cannibals and unicorns, Skagos to find Ricken? What will happen to Brienne of Tarth after she betrayed Jaime Lannister to Laney Stoneheart? Maybe she'll go on another meandering pointless adventure in the next book. Will the others finally make it in the Westeros? And if they do, will they make it past Winterfell? Will we ever get a knight king or queen? Who wrote the pink letter? Did Ramsay kill Stannis like he claimed in the pink letter? Nah. When is everybody going to realize that Stannis the Manis is the one true king of the Andals, the Royar and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, and the protector of the realm? Does anybody give a [ __ ] about Dorne? Tyrion's still a marine. Sansa is still in the veil. Arya is still in Braavos with the Faceless Men. Daenerys is still stuck in the Dothraki Sea after spending a chapter tripping balls with chronic diarrhea where she finally menstrates or miscarries proving that she's no longer infertile. And poor Jon Snow has been bleeding out at Castle Black for 14 years. And if you only watch the show, you probably don't have any idea what I'm talking about. And Game of Thrones season 8 ending in the disastrous way that it did has only made the weight worse for hardcore fans because they knew George would come up with a better ending. And now more, and this seems to happen with every update, are starting to realize they aren't getting one. Back in 2009, Neil Gaiman famously wrote in a blog in response to the lateness of George's books, "George R. Martin is not your bitch." Well, I guess he would know life comes at you fast. And the lesson we learn here is ladies never trust a male feminist. He would go on to elaborate that authors are human and you can't feel inspired all the time. Life happens. People in your world get sick or die. You fall in love or out of love. You move house. your aunt comes to stay, some allegations are leveled against you and then they're dropped, things like that. And Neil Gaiman is right. George R. Martin is not our [ __ ] He doesn't owe anybody anything. He doesn't have to finish the book. He doesn't have to feel any sense of obligation to his publishers, or more importantly, the fans who have spent their hard-earned money and valuable limited time on this planet invested in his story. So much so they've been willing to wait 14 years and they're constantly bugging him about it because they love it so much. A position that pretty much every other author on the planet would kill to be in. And this brings me back to writing the winds of winter is the curse of George's life. You need to find some gratitude in your life. Flip that around. It is the gift of your life. You don't have to write the winds of winner. You get to write the winds of winner. And with a little more gratitude, there might be a little more inspiration and fulfillment. I've given up on that book a long time ago. Now, if he does release it eventually, will I read it? Absolutely. And if he doesn't finish, I won't lose any sleep. That actually might be the better option right now because at least people will endlessly theorize about the ending they will never see. And that would be part of George's legacy. You know, the thing that you don't get to choose because life chooses it for you. And the other part of that legacy is George R. Martin will be forever known as the prolific writer who set out to write a reply or a subversion of Tolken and he pulled it off by not ending it. But I hope George lives another hundred years and they're all happy. And I don't know what the truth is. Maybe he truly believes he can finish both books. Maybe the more cynical perception is true that he's just stringing people along to keep that cash rolling in. Or maybe to George admitting that he can't finish would be admitting defeat and he just can't face that. I would argue it might be freeing. But whatever the truth is, that is the one thing he does indeed owe to the very loyal A Song of Ice and Fire readers that have made him a very wealthy man. Honesty, that's what they deserve. And I hope they get it someday. But in the meantime, we can enjoy the hell out of a couple of HBO shows based on George R. Martin works that are either partially or wholly adapted from unfinished book series. >> If you like what you heard, please like, share, and subscribe. If you didn't like what you heard, I thank you for listening this long. I will see you in the next video. [Music]