This is our first time, our first time ever doing an an AI project. >> But I think I'm I'm doing some pretty cool stuff right now with [music] the AI reactions with uh creating AI myself, like with my boy who I just hired, Evan. So, we have our first AI. Actually, Should I chip? I mean, yeah, might as well watch it now. Yeah, let's watch it now. This is our first crack at AI. Okay, let me see a show of hands. You guys want to see this? Does that mean Invader 3 won't be out for years? It means it'll be out when it'll be out. So, you know, if we make a ton of money and uh in this time and uh then I can use that to comfortably make it, then it'll be out. But to be honest, episode 2 did a lot of the groundwork for three, so three won't be nearly as hard at all. our first AI project that we've created. Mind you, like there's obviously a lot that's wrong with this. Like it could be better, but for our first one, I mean, I think it's pretty great. I think Evan did an amazing job. So, it is Shadows of the Empire. Uh, we took essentially the cinematic, and I'll bring up the cinematic here in a second. Just trying to find it. So, we took this scene, this original scene. >> Dash, what are you doing here? Princess Leia asked me to watch your back, Luke. Good thing she did. I have a feeling someone else. >> Take a look at this. Absorb it. Understand it. >> Leia's trying to find answers. Luke. >> Okay, so you got the gist of that. Okay, so we took this scene and we essentially did it all in AI and dubbed and respect to the uh was going to do another version where we have the credits and it shows the uh the credits of the voice actors and all that stuff cuz we want to keep you know um our respect to the original but this is 1996 Shadows of the Empire cutscene. I played it when I was a kid on my N64 with my dad. So here we go. This is our first pass, first Star Wars theory AI project. And no, Vader episode 2 will not have AI in it or three, but I think this is pretty cool. So, let's watch it and let me know what you think. >> Oh Skywalker was spotted at Kenobi's old place. Jaba will pay extra to the one who blasts his bones. [music] Let's fry him. Heat. Heat. So, we tried to do something a little bit different. Okay, I'm I'm going to let you guys watch and then I'll talk. Just pay attention to the camera angles and stuff like that. That's a little bit unconventional from normal AI, but we uh obviously that facial expression was rough, but this is our first pass. Dash, >> what are you doing here? >> Leia asked me to watch your back, Luke. Good thing she did, cuz while I was sniffing around in Moss Ilay, I overheard that gang talking. They worked for Jabba the Hut and they had orders to kill you. >> But something's not right. I have a feeling someone else is pulling Jabba's strings. >> Where's Leia now? >> Leia's trying to find answers. Luke, she thinks by infiltrating Black Sun spy network, she'll find out who's behind this. >> Black Sun? One of their agents just delivered to us the time and route of an Imperial freighter. Supposedly, it's carrying an encoded supercomput with detailed plans for a major Imperial construction project. >> I wouldn't trust those gangsters if I were you. >> I don't trust them, but we can't afford not to check it out. It may be vital to the alliance. Want to come along, Dash? >> Why not? Got to earn my pay. >> So, yeah. [music] Um, and I can go over it now with you guys, but we did try to do some different stuff. I guess [music] this is the updated version. Awesome. Great. Yeah. So, uh, okay, let's go to the beginning and run through it. Essentially, I want you guys to pay attention to the camera angles. A lot of the AI that I've been reacting to and watching, first of all, shout out to Evan. This is made by one guy on my team. Uh Evan did a fantastic job and this took him about four days. Mind you, his this is our first time our first time ever uh doing an an AI project. So, let me know what you think. You know, uh how we could improve all that stuff. And if you are proficient in AI, I'd love to hear your uh tips. So, something that I've noticed with a lot of the AI stuff out there is the camera angles are sort of very static. It's usually just, you know, the camera is like put on a tripod and they'll either do like a pushin at like maybe, you know, kind of the same angle and I I feel like that it just doesn't look good. Like it just looks it looks lame. Doesn't look cinema quality. So, we definitely tried to create some more angles here as he's walking. Instead of cutting to different angles, we'd made it so it's fluid so that when he's moving, the camera is also it's like on a dolly almost like it's moving with him. Right. So, the environment's changing as he's moving. This part obviously >> too fast. It looks artificial. >> It's like he got stuck to the wall. The I I see someone saying Luke sounded off. These That's not This is not AI voice. This is literally we just we took the the voice over from the game. So, this is from the 996 game. Um, we credit obviously the voice actors Bob Bergen, John Sigen, and um, we just wanted to create this as like a fan sort of production, our first sort of iteration of using AI to create a Star Wars fan thing. So, uh, some scenes are inconsistent with others. Obviously, some look movie quality. Like, I would say this is Beggars's Canyon level, you know, and for our first one, like pretty  good. I would say I I have to say he did an amazing job. But then, you know, there's other scenes like, for example, uh, when Luke takes out his safe like this. Little rough, a little funny, [laughter] but still looks good in the next scene, right? You switch it to that and it looks pretty legit. That looks great, right? That looks This looks awesome. So, a little bit buck tooth there, but you know what? For our first one, it's okay. Can perfect things as we go. Now, when uh when that whole thing with Sora AI and all that comes out, we're definitely going to be using that. We want to do everything, you know, legally and licensed by Disney so that uh they cannot say anything or pull down the videos or anything like that. But for the time being, uh we're using some other stuff and I think it looks pretty fantastic. Obviously wind here. We should have stopped that. Lots of little things I can go over and like what we should fix, but overall I think we did a great job. I think it looks pretty awesome and especially for our first one. I'm very proud of it. I think it looks good. >> What are you doing here? >> Player asked me to watch your back, Luke. Good thing she did. >> So, yeah. Let me know what you guys think. Pretty darn good for first time out. Uh, in one year it's going to be like you're filming on a red cinema camera. Yeah, I like it. It's fire. That face. It's rough, but imagine how good this is for 4 days work. Yeah. And four first days, too. You know, we we don't have any assets or anything built up or, you know, really any experience uh all that much. This is really freaking good and a natural direction for you and your storytelling. Can't wait to see how you do lightsaber battles next. Will you do your theories from back in the day? That'd be cool. Yeah. So, that's actually what we're doing right now. Um, we are going through my most popular fanfictions and then we are instead of doing video, uh, we're doing just images overlaying this the talking. So, yeah. Anyways, there's that. That's that third. It's a this is a 30-year difference. 30 years right here. 30 years of Dash Rendar. [laughter] Pretty cool. Now fulfill your destiny. [music]