You know that meme of AJ Styles with a big grin on his face and then behind him there's the Undertaker like looming over him. Well, it's Monday and and I'm AJ Styles and the Undertaker is Starfleet Academyy's next episode. But regardless of that and my impending doom, nobody, and I mean nobody, is watching this show. Hi everyone, it's AZ here from Heel versus Babyface. Now, we've already seen some of Starfleet Academyy's ratings based off well Paramount themselves. We're seeing how it's actually stacking up against other shows that people are watching on that platform. However, the first Neielson ratings have now dropped as regards to original shows. So instead of it maybe having to go over something established from a long time ago as we've seen with like King of Queens and South Park and whatnot, we can finally see how Starfleet Academy is stacking up against other original TV series. But before we do that, let's just check back in to Paramount's own platform to see how it's picked up maybe now that it's six episodes in. I it it hasn't. Uh it it it hasn't at all. Hi, I'm over here. I'm going to plot myself in the top corner to give you a better angle. But you can see that on Saturday the 14th of February, which was only 2 days after Starfleet Academyy's latest episode had dropped, the show was struggling at number 10 on Paramount. Now, the previous day, the Friday the 13th, oh my god, it was also at number 10 in the Paramount charts, being beaten by shows like Sabrina the Teenage Witch and Aapulco Shaw. That's one of my personal favorites. I've never heard of it. Spongebob NCSI NCIS dyslexia. It's a terrible thing. Land Man, which finished its latest series a few months ago, Yellowstone, Tulsa King, South Park, and Something About X America Latina for whatever that is. And then on the 15th of February, it had gone. It had vanished from the ratings. You see that Mob Land had come back in at number nine. King of Queens coming in at 10, but in terms of Starfleet Academy, no, that that was that was already out again of the top 10. And this has been a consistent pattern with the show. the episode drops. It fluctuates where it goes throughout the day and then when they average it out, it's normally nine or 10 and then it might stay there for another day and then see you pan. It's gone. Zilch people are watching the show on its own network. They'd rather watch shows from, you know, well, decades ago or shows that finished a year ago. This is a really bad sign. But, but these are established shows and the Neielson ratings will condense it down to original shows only. So, how did it fare in the top 10 Neielson ratings? The quick answer is it didn't. In actual fact, it's highly unlikely that it came anywhere close to the top 10 making its way in here. If we have a look, we got Runa Away with 343 million minutes watched, Agatha Christie, Seven Dials 374, and Tell Me Lies 391. And they make up 10, nine, and eight. And the fact that Starfleet Academy I I don't think got anywhere close to any of these original shows. Just look at the huge jump from number eight to number seven which is Fallout. And that goes from 391 up to 844 million minutes watched. But if we have a look at the top three, they themselves have set themselves, god damn it, apart from the others. Uh, Land Man with 1,772 million minutes watched. Stranger Things 1,912 million minutes watched. and his and hers with 2,244 million minutes watched. Starfleet Academy didn't even have a chance in hell. And the reason why it didn't have a chance in hell is because it's dog [ __ ] and nobody is watching it. If we were to go back to 2022, do you remember when they were pushing the Halo series and then we started to hear things like, "Well, this is going to be a Halo series set in its own different universe. This won't share a continuity with the gaming universe." And then before the show was even released on a first season, a second season was already confirmed. This is seemingly some sort of silly beggars trick that the streaming services like to do in an effort to not make a series look like a one andout potential failure. It also gets people green lit and working and those contracts signed. The same thing has been done here with Starfleet Academy. It was already green lit for two seasons before the first season even came out. And that is Curtsman really just attempting to get work going because if you're working, then you ain't being fired. And if you've already worked, then you've got yourself paid. In the flip reverse to that, we've got Star Trek Strange New Worlds, a show that has already had three seasons, 10 episodes a season. Season four drops this year for another 10 episodes and then its fifth and final season which is already announced even though there's only been three seasons is only going to be six episodes long. So you have a show that has five seasons which looks in itself respectable but as regards to the number of the episodes those five seasons are only 46 episodes long or two seasons of a regular Star Trek show from the '9s whether it be Voyager Deep Space 9 or TNG. It's a very similar story with Star Trek Discovery. five seasons but only 65 episodes. So essentially three seasons of whatever it would be from the '90s TV show. And bearing in mind, of course, that Discovery was the the relaunch, the the Star Trek of the Future, Curtsman Trek is here, it's amazing to see how miserably that flopped. Section 31, which was meant to be a TV series. It ultimately became a TV movie, was a laughing stock that nobody watched as well. And there's just no interest in whatever this Star Trek is meant to be because it certainly isn't Star Trek. And if they're trying to chase an audience that doesn't exist or appeal to a specific audience, then my question would be, who the hell are they? Because to me, these shows tend to be made for an audience of the people that made them in the first place. Because all they're doing is pouring their own ideology into the show and affirming their own beliefs. And instead of, which is the Star Trek way, posing questions, they're trying to tell you what to think and they're trying to push propaganda. We've got a gay clling on walking around in a skirt. It's a joke. And that is what I feel the vast majority of people think when they think Star Trek. They think now that it's a clown show. It's pathetic. It's the absolute epitome of modernity. And once upon a time where Star Trek was a brand that said to you, great sci-fi, great characters, great story, now it's everything but that. It is so damaged as a brand nowadays and Curtsman has damaged it almost beyond repair that when his tenure comes to an end, which I'm pretty sure will be at the end of Starfleet Academy season two, it's going to take a long time out of the public consciousness, shall we say, before Star Trek can attempt to be rehabbed. And even then, you're still working off the assumption that it's going to be rehabbed with people that legitimately love Star Trek that understand what it's meant to be and stand for. But even then, I would hesitate dramatically and and say most likely not. The reason why nobody's watching this iteration of Star Trek predominantly is because it isn't Star Trek and wearing a skin suit or something in name only just isn't going to cut it. Especially when people have so much choice out there, so many different streaming services, so many different films, but probably more importantly, a back catalog of quality entertainment that they don't even need to touch your modernity filth. I'll see you in the next video. You take care. Goodbye, Blue. [music] >> [music]