chat. And with that, now that we got our first super chat, we can get into our main event of the evening, sponsored by Cornut. Just kidding. I wish I've been getting a bunch of emails from potential sponsors recently. I'm like, are these scammers? Should I answer these? Who the hell wants to sponsor a Markx's podcast? I'm hyped. Let's go. I'm hyped, too. This is going to be a good one. This is going to be a good one. Let's get into it. Okay, first of all, we have what's her name? Like Alice Chappelle or something? Is that this lady's name? Someone told me to um Capel Alice Capel. Yeah, I don't she I don't know if she's like a Marxist Leninist. Um she's like a fairly academic type. um and she's French and talks about culture a lot which are like usually red flags, but a lot of her videos are pretty good. They are, you know, explicitly from a Marxist perspective. Here's Alice's channel. Um they're explicitly from a Marxist perspective and they're pretty uh pretty solid um in comparison to the average YouTube analysis that you get, right? She's good at applying dialectical materialism and even if she's not like a Marxist Leninist in terms of her political organizing and stuff um or if she doesn't talk about ideology in those, you know, more inner Marxist debates and just comments on culture and stuff like that, her commentary on those things are pretty good still. Um so we're going to put her in the we'll put her in the A tier. Yeah, I haven't seen one of her videos yet that I've disliked. Maybe there's some video out there where she's like [ __ ] all over China or something. You can let me know in the chat if that's a thing. Um, but in defense of wokeism is one of her top videos. Btier. Yep, exactly. I knew there had to be like a video like that. Um I now that I think about it I have seen that video like you know wokeism is just moving towards more tolerance and progress and ignores all of the you know the ways not she doesn't ignore she addresses like you know Rathon having um having uh you know pride flags at at pride and you know using uh LGBTQ stuff or whatever to push imperialist neoliberal politics. I think she does address some of that. But either way, either way, what do you think? Waiting to see what you think of S4A. Yep. Stay tuned. Comrade Baddy. Comrade Baddy is uh that girl who got famous um cuz she was doing one of those street interviews. Somebody was interviewing her when she was out clubbing or something. Um and they were like, they asked her, "Same page or different book?" And she's like, "Different book, probably." Um, then he's like, "What book?" She's like, "Karl Marx. I love him." She's not super big into theory or anything. Um, we got to find the video. I'm sure I'll be able to find it. Here. Here it is. We honest. So, this is Comrade Baddy, and she does Tik Tok videos now. She's cool. She's friends with Wthbone. Not like super in-depth or educational videos, but she does read. She actually does do educational videos now. Breaking down theory, which is cool. Using her audience for good. Same page or a different book? Different book. [ __ ] we're on a different book. Probably. Which book? Karl Marx. Who's that? Do you read? A socialist. I love him. [Music] Cool. So that's comrade Baddy. We'll put her at B, too. She's cool. Brian Burletic. Brian Berlettic of the New Atlas. Brian is a solid journalist. I recommend people watch the New Atlas. He's I don't believe he's a communist. He supports like uh the what is it? I don't know the um not Taiwan, Thailand. I don't know Thailand's politics enough, but I believe he supports the monarchy against like US interventionism. And I'm not sure about his position on Thailand's domestic politics. I've heard some interesting criticisms of it, but other than that, his foreign policy analysis, his analysis of US imperialism is really, really good. It is top-notch. Brian rules. Absolutely. Hey, Jenny. Um, I really like Brian. Um, he provides super solid analysis. He's friends with Daniel Dumbril, another goat that we'll get to later in the list. Brian is one of those who, if you're in the audience today and you're new to learning about geopolitics and um, politics on a more thoughtful level, not like US liberal comic book politics, the way it's taught in the education system and cable news. Brian is a great person to start with. So he's a Brian is a if he was a Marxist line in STBS really good. Must follow Brian Berlettic. Absolutely. Absolutely follow that man. Uh oh. All right. Now we're getting crazy. Bad Empanada. Bad Empanada is an ultraleist. He is completely unhinged and insane. I don't know if he would mind me saying that. He often gets himself banned for tweeting insane, adventuristic, violent stuff, and it's always directed towards like the ruling class, you know, but it's like just insanity some of the stuff that he tweets, stuff that I can't even repeat here on YouTube. I don't want to get banned because of something he said. Um, people, if you know, you know though. If you've been following Bad Empanada long enough, you know, but his uh analysis is sometimes good and he makes criticisms that are legitimate. Like he made this video about Hassan um and how he has aspects of liberal Zionism um in his analysis and in his politics. And I was like, "All right, that video was pretty good." He actually made some legitimate critiques of Hassan there. Um so some of his videos are pretty good. His video about Chevara is actually really good. Um, so that keeps him out of the D tier, but see for bad empanada, the ultra. Danny Hyong, Danny's a cool guy. I believe he is a Marxist Leninist. He's part of the Friends of Socialist China group. Um, he mostly does interviews, but he does some of my favorite interviews on the internet. Um, Danny interviews really, really, really good people. Um, he does Scott Ritter a lot. Um, Alex and Alex from the Duran. Um, who else does he interview? Uh, um, he has tons of people on. Uh, George Galloway. There's one. Uh, Pepe Escobar was the one I'm thinking of. So, he does good interviews. Um, but not so much a creator himself as an interviewer. Interviewer. So, we'll put him in B at the top above Alice and Comrade Baddy. What is this guy's name again? The Mau The Mau guy. Black Red Guard. black red guard who was once on Dr. Phil for allegedly blowing up his neighbor's swing set um because they were racist allegedly. Um this guy is insane. He does have some banger tweets sometimes. He has some tweets that are fire. He's in DSA now, I think. Uh doing DSA Mauism. Um every once in a while he'll hit the mark with a tweet, but he is ultra left. um wrote a critique of Carlos's book, The Purity Fetish, that made me laugh um more than it made me think. He's a DSA now. Yeah, dude is hilarious. He is He's like He's like the LOL cow of uh of Marxist, but also sometimes he retweet, like I said, sometimes he'll tweet a banger and it'll go viral. Um Goofy tier. Yeah, exactly. I don't even know where to put him. The D tier isn't reserved for people like Black Red Guard and Bad Empanada who are crazy ultras, but at least they're honest. I think they maybe just have schizophrenia or something. Okay, so that that's what the C tier is. The D tier is reserved for people like this. The D tier is reserved for people like Owen Jones and Ash Sarcar who claim to be Marxists, who claim to be communist. Ash Sarcar has that famous thing on Piers Morgan where she said like, "I'm I'm literally a communist, you dumbass." But they're actually just neoliberals. They're actually just people who talk about Hamas like they're, you know, ISIS. um who go along with the US State Department line on Syria, in Libya, in every single foreign policy conflict that the US and UK are involved in. These two who are British by the way, they run Novara Media. Um or I don't know what who runs it anymore, but that's how they got their start or how I heard of them. um every single issue of imperialism and foreign policy, they end up on the side of the imperialists or pushing imperialist talking points and propaganda. Owen Jones was horrible on the issue of Syria. All he talked about was Assad, Assad, Assad, chemical gas, human rights abuses, blah blah blah blah blah. Guess what? Now al-Qaeda's running Syria. Good job, Owen Jones. You saved the people of Syria by criticizing Assad and pariting US State Department talking points. Just got an ad. Damn it. I thought I turned those off. Okay, I'm going to have to I'm sorry about that. Um, for now, just click on the ads a thousand times so I make money. Just kidding. Um, I don't know how to use Twitch as well, so I will figure out how to turn those off after this stream. I apologize. You're just going to have to maybe download Adblock Plus for today. So yeah, Novara Media D tier. The LOL cows get to go and see the actual nefarious bad faith actors with millions of followers pushing pseudo Marxist imperialist politics. That's what gets you in D. Daniel Dumbril. Daniel Dumbril is a tier. Really cool guy. Super nice guy. me and Daniel have had many a conversation. Um, and we've talked on stream before, I believe. Really, really cool guy. Lives in at least he used to live in Shenzhen, China, where he was a bar owner. Um, and he does he got into making content de uh debunking propaganda about Shing Jang. Uh, or he used to do like travel content like vlog content. But then when these US narratives started that China was doing a genocide in Shing Jang, which is an area that he lived very close to and was familiar to, he started asking questions and asking more questions and then his channel started blowing up and he continued asking questions and he sat down with some of the the lead people pushing the weaguer genocide narrative and had interviews where he absolutely destroyed them and showed that they had no idea what they were talking about. Uh he has a video in Tibet where he shows how the Daly Lama and the religious elites in Tibet exploited the people and would gouge out their eyes and cut off their hands if they wouldn't do forced labor um or produce enough surplus. So Daniel's a really cool guy, just like a normal guy, normal bartender hanging out in China who started making content one day and became a based legend. He doesn't post that much. Like you can tell he's a very normal guy with a lot going on in his life outside of YouTube and internet politics, which is really why he's a, you know, because it's not like this is his life. Um, he's just kind of being a better journalist than any one that we have in the US just for fun. Um, but shout out to him. I love that guy. Good friend. Contra points. Remember what I said earlier about pseudo leftists pushing imperialist politics. So everybody probably knows why I have my disagreements with Contra Points and Bread Tube and their pseudo leftism. You can watch my other videos on it. Read my other stuff on it if you want to know my um all-encompassing critique of what was called Bread Tube and people like Contra Points, Philosophy Tube, Thought Slime, and others. Um, however, the one that I want to focus on today, just for this video, is this idea that was pushed, especially by Contra Points and Philosophy Tube, that there are cryptofascists all around us. That almost every working-class person you meet is a secret fascist. And you have to watch out for secret code words that they use called dog whistles or secret symbols that they use like the AOK sign that are actually se uh were baked up in 4chan so that regular working-class people can symbol to each other that they're extremists, right-wing extremists, right? And it created this they were so popular on the left that it created this is what created the culture um of everybody's a Nazi, right? how that that's something that the left has been roundly mocked for over the last few years, calling every single person a Nazi. People like Contra Points is where that came from because they were telling everyone there's secret Nazis all around you and you constantly have to be on the lookout for them and calling it out, calling it out, calling it out to the point where everyone's a Nazi, the Communists are Nazis, the non-communists are Nazis, the liberals are Nazis, everything's Nazi. Um because Contra Points told me that they're they're hiding it. Even if they don't understand that doing the A-OK symbol is fascism, it is. And we need to call them out on it and call them fascist. That's the kind of attitude that it created on the left and it was super harmful um super cancel cultureesque um and super unproductive. And of course, Contra Points was more focused on culture war issues and stuff like that than class struggle. Um, and she was uh hung out with Hillary Clinton, the queen of war mongers, and she and Philosophy Tube, I believe, were taking some like British State Department connected money. Um, there's a Greyzone article on that allegedly. I'll say allegedly. So, yeah, the queen of Bread Tube goes in the D tier. Diego Rousar. Diego is a Marxist creator in Mexico. He is fantastic. His debates are great. His videos are great. If you speak Spanish, you must subscribe to Diego. Even if you don't speak Spanish, you must subscribe to Diego. He's our first S tier. Shout out to Diego Rousarin. We'll save this one for the end. If you know, you know. Hakee. Tough one because Hakee has had his beef with H. I agree with Hos's critiques of Hakee, but I wish Hakee would kind of put that aside and ally with us at the ACP and help us build. We could really use him, Second Thought, and Yugopnik, who are the largest self-described Marxist Leninist creators out there. Um, most of Hakee's videos I really like. There are small disagreements here and there, but overall um the basis of his theory is good. Uh my main beef with Hakee is that he's not directly involved with any kind of Marxist Leninist party in America. And I know he's Iraqi. Um I don't know if he's involved with any Iraqi Marxist Leninist parties, but he most of his audience is American. And he's not telling his his audience, you know, join the ACP, join whatever. He does tell them to join organizations. Um, but I feel like if you're truly a principled Marxist Leninist creator, you have to be trying to funnel your audience into on the ground organizing. Um, and that's where I see the deprogram guys as lacking. And guess what? I have this party called the American Communist Party that would happily work together with you and sit down for a conversation to work out our disagreements and um, figure some stuff out. But Hakee has done a lot to educate new people about the basics of Marxism. So, he's going in A behind these guys. I don't know. Maybe I'll put Hakee in B. We'll put him in B. I don't because these guys are like friendly and have always been willing to help and talk and do stuff and they weren't mad that we started a party that's actually doing stuff on the ground. whereas Hakee was. So I changed my mind. He's B and behind Danny. Fellow Traveler. Fellow Traveler is cool. He uh I don't know how he feels about the ACP. He has some bad takes and some good takes. I don't know. We'll put him at the top of the C tier. Big Joel. This is a leftist guy who mostly does music reviews and commentary on cultural stuff. I don't hate him, but he's fairly liberal. See, second thought, everything I said about Second Thought or everything I said about Hakee is true about JT of Second Thought, but I also think Hakee has a better a longer history and a deeper understanding of Marxism, Leninism. Um, and he's less afflicted with like liberal worldviews and liberal ideas, whereas, you know, JT's video sometimes will like prioritize racial analysis above class analysis or or things like that where I feel like there's a little bit of liberalism. But that being said, he had a giant million subscriber channel and he chose to still become a Marxist Leninist and start doing Marxist Leninist educational content. So, you have to respect that. I think he was doing some stuff with the CPUSA for a while. Hopefully he realized that um what they call the CPUSA, the husk of that party that's still left is just a bunch of feds hanging out with each other. Um but again, like there's this new party, Marxist Leninist party in America that aligns with all of your stated ideals about putting the working class in power and nationalizing the banks and the industry and feeding everybody and building highspeed rail. it's called the ACP and you don't support it for reasons I don't understand and you don't tell your audience to go into it, you know, while collecting a lot of Patreon money, which is fine. Collect your Patreon money, get rich as hell. I'm happy for you. I'm proud of you. But then tell your audience to join an actual party. Um, and in America, there's only one if you're a Marxist Leninist, which is what JT claims to be. right there with his buddy Hakee. Kyle Kaklinski. Kyle Kolinsky was who helped me uh become like a hardcore Bernie bro social democrat before I started studying Marxism Leninism. I think since he married Crystal Ball and married into a very wealthy family, he's really sold out. started rubbing elbows with uh more prominent liberal thinkers and he still has a banger every once in a while, but um his takes have gotten pretty bad as of late. He spends all day on Twitter complaining about Joe Rogan and stuff. So has a lot of really bad takes. I believe he told everybody to vote for Biden. He had this big rant about how the Democrats are way better than the Republicans. Kolinski, you're going in the bottom of C tier, right next to Black Red Guard. How's that feel? Philosophy Tube, everything I said about Contra Points, retweet, except Philosophy Tube was actually doing videos on the basics of Marxism and completely distorting them. And then when the Greyzone released that piece about these guys being connected to British money, uh, British State Department money or intelligence money, I was like, that makes so much sense that because I mean, what would be more effective in disrupting the left than to have somebody doing Marxism for beginners, basics of Marxism, and then distorting it. So, right from the beginning, right as people are starting to learn about politics and Marxism and class struggle, they're being put on a bad path towards obsession with identity politics and culture war issues rather than actual Marxist Leninist class struggle and anti-imperialism. Um, so yeah, and Hans Jorg Muller has a really good video on philosophy tube and um about like gender issues and proalicity and stuff that people should check out. Hassan [ __ ] Now, this is a tough one. This is a tough one. There are many, many people in my audience, especially on Tik Tok, who are former Hassan Piger fans or even still watch Hassan sometimes, and I'm very grateful for that. I'm grateful for the Hassan to Midwestern Marks Pipeline. Thank you, Hassan. You should just start telling your your viewers to go straight to us instead of wasting time with you. But again, all the same problems as Hakee and Second Thought. He's out here helping the Democrats. His stupidest tweet that I think he's ever had, and he's had a handful of dumb ones. Um, and a handful of tweets that he's gotten unfairly attacked for. He gets unfairly attacked more than maybe anyone else. That is true. Um, shout out to Ethan Klein, you disgusting freak. Um, but anyways, his most ridiculous tweet was like, it was something like, "People say Hassan doesn't actually do anything with his audience." Well, look, I just interviewed Bernie and AOC. What do you mean I'm not doing anything? I just interviewed two corporate Democrat fake socialists. Like, Hassan, move on from these people. Who cares about the Democratic elite or the the Democratic Socialist Elite? Who cares about having them on your show? That's not what's most important, dude. We need class struggle now. This country desperately needs change. Stop hanging out with Bernie and AOC for clout. Embrace your destiny. The American Communist Party. I don't know where Hassan goes. Probably the the top of C tier. I forgot to do an F tier again. I I really What I need is a D and an F tier to separate these. Um, some of these should be in F. And then like these guys, these two should be in D. And then these three should be in F. But whatever. Can I add another one? Whoops. Nope. That's not what I wanted to do. Shoot. B up, D down. Okay. Can I add another one here? I think we tried to do this last time. Oh well, doesn't matter that much. Luna Oi and non-compete. I could separate these two. Um non-competees like an anarchist and um I don't know that he's had the greatest effect on Luna Oi's politics, but Luna Oi is a Marxist Leninist. Has a bunch of good videos on Vietnam. Mostly drawing from her personal experience. She's not like a Marxist Leninist scholar or anything, but she was taught Marxism Leninism in the Vietnamese education system, which gives her a base level of knowledge. And then she has videos like on the Vietnam War. Um, talking about her mom's experience. Her mom had her schoolhouse bombed by the US during the Vietnam War. and they talk about that experience and she's able to put it through a very basic Marxist Leninist framework for people to understand which is actually a great tool um for westerners right to see just what a regular kind of woman's life is like young woman's life is like in Vietnam and hear her talk about it um and hear her talk about Marxism Leninism from her perspective which is a more civilian you know not hyper academic perspective so that's what I do like about Luna Oi um her attacks on infrared and cause were um completely uncalled for and incited a a flame war that was unfortunate. Um I don't know why she did that. It seemed like she got pressured by leftists into doing that. Like I said, kind of just like a normal person. Now I got terminally online a leftist influencer type. I don't know. Um maybe that's why. Maybe it's because of non-compete. I don't know. But we'll put them in. See, this is where we really need another tier. We'll put them at the top of C ahead of Hassan. Carl Zah. Carl Zah is cool. He's like a a China file. He was born in China. He talks about China. His he understands China's history going way way way back really really really really well. He has a podcast called the Silk and Steel podcast, I believe. Um, you know, not like uh someone who's going to teach you Marxist Leninist theory so much, but knows a lot about China and can debunk any myth about China and can give you his personal experience on China. Um, so Carl Zaw will go in the B with Danny up there at the front. Jimmy D, Jimmy Door, I like Jimmy. Jimmy, I think, gives the perspective of a lot of anti-establishment, working-class Americans. Um, but he's got a lot of really horrible takes. His takes about existing socialist countries are really bad. He'll often say, "The US is turning into North Korea." It's like, "No, North Korea would have to kill 20% of our population to do that." Uh, like the US did to them. Oh, no. That would be North Korea turning into the US, right? But either way, if we were going to be the same thing, they'd have to murder 20% of our population like we did to them. Who are the real crazy ones, Jimmy? Uh, but he's not like a theorist or an academic, of course. But he has a lot of base takes. He's not hyper woke and he called all that stuff out. He got cancelled by a lot of the [ __ ] libs for not being a [ __ ] li, just talking like a workingclass guy. So, shout out to Jimmy. We'll put him in C up there with Lunoi and Hassan. Super chat from Marco. Thank you very much. Got double super chats coming in all of a sudden. Thank you all. Is there an ML analysis of the Ukraine war? Marxist creators say Russia imperial. Yes, we have one on our channel. It's one of our most well- viewed videos. Just search on YouTube Midwestern Marxist analysis Ukraine war. It'll come up. Thank you so much, Marco. Appreciate you and appreciate you for being a YouTube member. V Michelle, thank you. Eight months. That's awesome, brother. Thank you for sticking with us for the last eight months and helping to fund our institute and our work here. Appreciate you. Is Zoe B going to be on this tier list? I consider her my nemesis since she's an academic poet. I have a low opinion of academic poets. I do not know who Zoe B is, so she will not be on this list, but thank you for being a member. Um, both Marco and Michelle. Appreciate you both a bunch. Dissident, these guys are pretty cool. I recommend watching them. Um, they've talked about Marxism, Leninism. uh they want to have us on and we really really do need to go on um because they're smart guys and they want to learn more about Marxism. I believe they want to have a conversation about it. So when it comes to their takes on like the news and stuff, I rarely disagree with them um like strongly maybe on little nitpicky things, but they're pretty cool guys. Um, I really like Russell B.