Welcome to Burger Wars. What can I get you to nibble on? >> What's going on everyone? Jeremy here from the Quartering and the Burger Wars are raging on. The McDonald's new Archber apparently. I thought this was a passing meme a week ago, but no, it's getting worse as the CEO of McDonald's has been getting ruthlessly roasted. the CEO of Burger King has responded with his own uh video making fun of the of the uh McDonald's guy, the way he eats a burger. Guess what? Look forward to this surprise food review in this video. Let's take a look at obviously what started it all. Uh this is the first video that set the internet on fire and then Burger King's response today. >> Chris K here. Chris K here >> with. You've heard about it. Yeah, >> here it is. Okay, >> the big arch. >> This is something that we have tested already. >> It's in Portugal, Germany, Canada. I love this product. It is so good. I'm going to do a tasting right now. First of all, as a marketer, I am infuriated that they do not have the McDonald's fries full to the brim. I challenge you to find any photo of McDonald's like promotional material that does not have a full fry. I This is the CEO and he didn't think of that. He didn't think about how it looked. Am I supposed to think he ate a bunch of fries while he was waiting there? This guy, look at him. He looks like a vegan. This guy doesn't eat McDonald's. >> But I'm gonna eat this for my lunch, just so you know. So, here we go. Holy cow. God, that is a big burger. We've got a very un >> It's a double quarter pounder. It's normally what I order when I go to McDonald's. >> Unique kind of sesame poppy sort of bun on it. >> We've got two quarter pound patties, a delicious big arch sauce. >> Okay. >> And of course, some lettuce. So, oh, there's so much going on with this. First of all, let's try to get this thing. I don't even know how to attack it. >> Who holds a burger like this? This is why I spent I I just can't I can't with this burger review. You're the flipping CEO brother. >> Got so much to it. >> That's just such a huge burger. That's a huge burger. What could I possibly do with this? And then here are the rules. Women and children are allowed to hold on to their burgers with two hands. All right? Or if it's some sort of gimmick burger. All right? You eat the burger with one flipping hand. All right? And also, you don't eat it with the wrapper on it. Like, what is going on? He doesn't have the wrapper on, but the Burger King guy does. >> Oh, there's also some crispy onions on here as well. I see those kind of coming out. >> He's surprised by the ingredients he knows are in there. >> All right, the moment of truth. What kind of bite was that? All right, so everyone's memeing on this hilariously pathetic bite. So, then Burger King comes out and releases this video today of their CEO. Also looks like a guy that does not eat their slop at all. Ever. Look at that vascular neck. Full-on bite. But again, everyone's like, "Oh, he burger mogged him. He burger mogged him." Did he? Why is he eating the burger with the rapper still on it? Who does that? Psychopaths. Who eats the burger with the rapper still on? Okay, so all right. Well, he's like, "Oh, look at this big bite." Okay. Now, he did bitemog him. All right. Here's He doesn't eat that is either. Um, Burger King CEO absolutely bitemogged McDonald's CEO after taste maxing his burger. Now, explain why there's enough meat to support all these food chains. Um, you know, imagine making $118 million a year as McDonald's CEO and still not being able to hide your own disgust for your own product. Again, it's a burger. The guy who I know, Dave from Wendy's, ate Wendy's. He looks like a guy that eats Wendy's. I look like a guy that eats Burger King. Burger King. Him in the replies when it's flame grilled. You don't hesitate. When venture capitalists are asked why they don't just start a company themselves, I mean all like the Burger King CEO, Full Bite, McDonald's CEO, Little Nibble. I mean, this is also it like this is some great feedback from Joshua Lysk. Here >> you'll see here that I have a product. It is >> a food item. >> Yes, it is >> particularly scrumptious skew or SKU. And if this is how you talk about food, you're doing everything wrong. You might have seen the CEO of McDonald's talking about the big arch. And is particularly uh viral anti-persuasive content everything about how not to persuade. This is a little strategic communications tip from yours truly, Joshua Lysk of Lysk Ghost Writing. Okay. There are three anti-persuasion insights that we glean from the disaster that was the big arch roll out. >> The first of which is >> if you are going to describe your thing and people know what your thing is, don't use words to describe your thing that are neutral. For example, the show Dude Perfect food products and he regularly uses to be ironic processed uh let's say kind of slop trough situation and he does it to be ironic because this is a let's say it's a watermelon flavored hot dog or something ridiculous like that that's a near food product. Okay. So, when you're using product to describe a thing that people don't usually think of as product, when you're using a neutral word to describe something, that's not usually a word that's used to describe that something, >> people begin to get a little suspicious. Wait, why are you calling it a product? >> Yeah, he called the burger a product. >> Unless you're trying to be funny. This is the second point. If you are marketing something, you might have heard it said, you should use humor. You should use irony. >> You should try to be uh you know uh funny. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Unless you are a comedian and a CFO is the furthest thing from a comedian, >> right? >> Then you are marketing your product with humor, uh you are doing everything wrong. And it I mean like by the way this is the guy there is a guy out of frame with a weapon pointed at him here. He responds to the backlash. >> Question recently came in on my Instagram. How often do I eat at McDonald's? >> The answer is actually never. I can tell by the way you nibbled at that burger. >> I would tell you it's a lot. Probably three or four times a week. Sometimes it might be a breakfast. Sometimes it might be a lunch. But hey, one of the perks of the job you get. This guy walks into McDonald's and has him make has the McDonald's chef make him like salmon and um and uh a fruit platter. He's not eating McGriddles 4 days a week. I can guarantee it. All right. Now, all of this is enraging me so much because it's like none of these people clearly have ever eaten burgers. It has a lot of vibes to this idiot. Like remember this person was like, "I'm going to try lobster roll." Look at this. >> Hey guys, so today I got a lobster roll. So lobstery. >> Didn't even eat it. All right. So, enough is enough. All right. I am putting my body on the line for this product. That's right. I door dashed some McDonald's. And I didn't get the fries and the drink cuz I'm already a fat. Okay. But let's do an actual product roll out. Okay. So, here we have the Big Arch with the signature grease on the receipt. That is important. The signature grease on the box. Show the grease. We know the grease is there. Let's not pretend the grease isn't there. Then we open it. And there we have our grease bomb. It looks absolutely like a giant mess. Perhaps it's supposed to be a Whopper competitor. But here we have. We're in our unofficial food review. This is the Big Arch. It cost $10.50 50 cents at my local McDonald's, which is expensive. But let's take it out here. Let's take a Let's get this. Oh my god. All right. See, you didn't see that. You didn't They didn't get messy because they put that burger in there clean for him. Now, here's how you eat a burger. All right. You have This is quite a lot to handle. That's what she said. But even if you do go for the two hand, which I don't really support, you get in there and you get a damn bite. All right. You get a bite. It gets on your face. All right. You wipe it off with your arm. M grease. Okay. Let's see here. I got Let's go for another bite because I actually eat this slot. All right. Now you flip the burger around like a pro because everything slid out and going for another bite. Then napkin arm, shirt sleeve, whatever. It's a double quarter pounder. Not much to say about it. It's got a little extra cheese on it. It's a grease bomb. You wouldn't want to be eating a lot of them. That's it. That's That's a burger review. There you go. Final score, 6.5 out of 10. And I I think McDonald's burgers are pretty good. Honestly, everyone knows you can't eat them every day. Got to go for the secondary wipe because of the grease and I didn't have some intern prepare it for me. But there you go. That's how you do a burger. Or if you really want to push over the top, you hit them with some sound effects. Ready? Like you get in there. Mhm. Yep. That's good. Mhm. Yep. That's good. Get yours at your McDonald's today. These clowns. $18 million a year. This is what they come up with. Pathetic.