Fast food, a quick and convenient source of calories to get you through the day. You buy it, you eat it, and you move on with your life without wasting too much time thinking about what you just put into your body, which is probably for the best if I'm honest. In fact, the average American adult consumes three fast food meals per week. 37% of them eat it on a daily basis. And in 2023 alone, this sector was estimated to be worth almost $370 billion. Pretty much everyone can recognize the logos and the color schemes and the signature food items for all the big chains. And when you really think about it, fast food actually represents a pretty big part of our culture. But ironically, it contributes almost nothing to it. Well apart from obesity, heart disease, and type 2 diabetes. He's out of line, but he's right. I mention all of this because the other day I was looking through the list of upcoming movie releases for the holiday season, and I was struck by a sudden realization. Oh, yeah. There's another Avatar movie on the way. Great. [ __ ] And not just on the way either. It's almost here. In fact, we're barely a month out from the release of what could be one of the biggest movies of all time. Adjusted for inflation, the first Avatar movie brought in more than $4 billion at the global box office. And the sequel was the third highest grossing movie of all time. But here's the funny thing. No one seems to give a [ __ ] There's no anticipation, no fan theories and speculation, no rumors or news coverage hyping the film up. Nobody's buzzing about the return of beloved characters or worried about which ones might survive the next movie. Nobody's putting out lore videos and theories about the mysteries of Pandora and where this epic adventure might be heading next. For a franchise that now includes two of the biggest movies of all time and is probably about to add a third one to the list because let's be honest, you know that people are going to flock to see this one. The Avatar franchise is weirdly culturally inert. And when I think back to the previous two films, it was pretty much the same story. Everyone went to see them, but nobody had anything to say about them afterwards. In fact, most people couldn't even seem to remember them beyond a vague declaration that the visuals were amazing. Somehow, despite their massive financial success, they've managed to make absolutely no impact on popular culture. Instead of leaving behind a cultural footprint, they're more like a cultural smoke screen that obscures everything for a few minutes then gets blown away by the next stiff breeze. Nobody ever speaks of Miles Quaric with the same hushed reverence as Darth Vader, Lord Voldemort, or the Terminator. Nobody mentions Jake Sully when they think of other famous movie heroes like Luke Skywalker, Ellen Ripley, or Indiana Jones. Nobody places Avatar's epic battle scenes in the same league as Return of the Jedi, saving Private Ryan or Lord of the Rings. It's not a problem that's unique to this franchise by any stretch. [ __ ] man. The Rock's entire career was basically built on this stuff. But since the Avatar movies are probably the most extreme example, I'm henceforth going to dub this the Avatar paradox. >> Yes., Yes. >> So,, why, does, it, happen?, How, can, movies that are so big and successful have so little lasting impact? Well, maybe it's time we find out. And just to be clear I'm not making a let's [ __ ] on the Avatar franchise kind of video. I'm doing this because I actually think this is an interesting cultural phenomenon that says a lot about the state of modern film making and I want to try to understand it a little better. So, let us see if we can unravel the Avatar paradox together, shall we? Part one efforts. Well, one thing I can't accuse these movies of is lack of effort. James Cameron's a notoriously committed hard-driving director who puts 100% into everything he does and expects the same of everyone around him, often to the detriment of his cast and crew. But looking at the behind-the-scenes footage and all the interviews with everyone involved, you can tell that they really worked hard to produce the best technically made film that they could. Everyone seems to be giving it their all. The actors were genuinely put through the mill on this one, and Cameron's clearly pushing them to deliver on his creative vision. [ __ ] man. The guy's been working on this series for almost 20 years at this point. It's practically a lifetime obsession for him. And considering he's now 71 years old, and there's like three more of these things on the way, it's likely to carry him through to the very end of his career. You sure about that? You sure about that? And don't get me wrong, I absolutely respect a man with a passion for his craft. The thing is, all that effort doesn't necessarily translate into what you see on screen in this case, because what you see on screen is like 95% CGI fakery with all the baggage that comes along with it. People just aren't impressed or captivated by that kind of thing anymore because they've seen it a million times before in a million other movies and video games. And well, it brings me on to my next point. Part two, spectacle. Whatever else you want to say about them, the Avatar films are definitely good-looking beasts. They're extremely technically accomplished movies and you can see why the first one captivated everyone's attention back in 2009. James Cameron had always pushed the limits of film making technology throughout his career. He did the same thing with Avatar. And well, the results speak for themselves. There had literally never been anything quite like that movie. And so people flocked to see it for the novelty and spectacle alone. The problem is that spectacle without substance is like dating a really hot girl with no personality. It gets old real fast. And once those good looks start to become familiar and mundane, there's not much to keep you hanging around. The other problem is that what was magical and awe inspiring back in the simpler days of 2009 isn't in 2025. After more than a decade of superhero movies and Star Wars and god knows what else, audiences today are all maxed out on visual spectacle. If anything, I'd say they're actually kind of bored of it all now because movies have become so big and CGI is so ubiquitous that we've basically reached the limits of what you can throw at the audience. The Avatar films still look great, don't get me wrong, but these days they're just another collection of greatl lookinging, visually overwhelming movies in a sea of them. There's nothing especially unique about the experience now, which is why it desperately needs number three, heart and soul. This is the big difference between Avatar and Cameron's earlier work, the lack of substance. Movies like Terminator or Aliens aren't remembered today because of their amazing visual effects. I mean they definitely look good and they hold up well even today, but all of that stuff is secondary to their real appeal which was their excellent stories, their compelling characters, their superbly constructed action sequences, their unique concepts, and most importantly the core of humanity that drove them forwards. What would Aliens be without Ripley's desperate mission to rescue Nuke from the alien queen? What would Terminator 2 be without a damaged Sarah's awkward attempts to reconcile with her son or Jon's paternal relationship with the T800's? [ __ ] man. Even the Abyss had an aranged husband trying to reconnect with his ex-wife. This, I think, is what's really missing from the Avatar movies, an emotional core that everything else is built around. It's not to say that they don't try to give you something. The first Avatar is really just a story about two people from vastly different cultures falling in love in the middle of an epic conflict. The second movie is about those same people trying to hold a family together in the middle of another epic conflict. Not exactly groundbreaking stuff, but whatever. The difference is that they and the characters that make them up feel like they were injected later into a story that had already formed instead of being the emotional core that everything else was built around. The result, they come across as obligatory rather than unique like some mandatory checkbox that had to be ticked to justify everything else that happens in the movie. And as for the characters themselves, well, they're not exactly gripping individuals. I don't feel much of anything for Jake and Nati because when you get right down to it, they're just not particularly interesting people. Natiri is the stereotypical noble savage with a vaguely sympathetic attitude towards the protagonist, and that's it really. Jake is just a stock soldier guy who starts to question his loyalties when he gets a taste of that blue ass. He doesn't have much in the way of personality, drives charisma, unique strengths or weaknesses. And well, he's not helped by a pretty anemic performance from Sam Worththington. There's a reason that guy's career failed to launch 15 years ago, and it's not for lack of opportunities. Trust me. Add all these problems together, and the characters at the core of Avatar are really just stock archetypes built to service the plot. Their relationship lacks any weight because the audience can't get all that invested in them and so there's no drama or urgency to the story because for the most part nobody really cares whether they live or die. It all comes back to that spectacle over substance problem that I mentioned earlier for all the work and technical skill that went into them. The Avatar movies lack the one thing that made so many of Cameron's other movies so memorable, an emotional core. That's why nobody remembers them or talks about them after they've left the theaters. Because like that hot girl with zero personality, once the immediate visual impact starts to fade you realize there's not a whole lot left to say. I mean, maybe none of it matters really. I'm sure Avatar 3 is going to put another couple of billion in the bank for Disney, so who cares? It's all just junk food at the end of the day. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.