Hey. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] [Music] Hey hey [Music] Hey hey hey. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hey, hey hey. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] What is up everybody? Welcome to an extra special episode of the Eddie Liger Power Hour. I'm joined by Carlos, my co-host, and Eli, our producer and intern. Already got a super chat. Happy birthday, Eddie. Thank you very much. Zero cult leader. Appreciate you. Um, 28 years years old. I'm at the the point in life where you start uh not liking your birthdays because you're getting old and there's, you know, nothing good that comes from turning 28. I guess at 35 I can um run for president. So, that's the next big birthday I got. But just some guy, congratulations on being another year closer to being an old [ __ ] Yes, exactly. But thank you. One of my favorite wrestling coaches used to say that uh birthdays are just another day to get better. So, um I agree with that sentiment. Just another day to advance the class struggle. But what's up, Carlos? Hey, man, man. Uh first of all, happy birthday. I posted a an old school picture of of the two of us back when I think a few days after we first met and were organizing for the Bernie Sanders uh primary, Democratic primary in 20 I want to say late 2019. So, it's been a beautiful journey of a little bit over five years and you know from there to here and it's it's it's been a lot. I've seen uh all the birthdays that have been in between and you know the Eddie from the year previously is always someone who significantly grows uh because of that great work ethic uh that your father instilled in you. So um I know that the 29year-old daddy coming up next year is going to be even better than the one that we have currently in front of us today. Thank you. I appreciate that. Well, we got quite a show for you guys. I got a bunch of videos queued up that should be good to react to and feel free to shoot us your questions or comments in the chat um so we can answer any questions that you have or interact with you guys the audience but we'll get right into that after the [Music] intro to be high sheriff is his only land. He digs through pockets, takes what he can for he sharing hazard. He caught me one evening and here's what he said. You look like a Russian. You look like a red. And if you're fond of your skin and your head, beware the share of love as [Music] you. Heat. Heat. N. [Music] [Music] The answer is simple. The answer is clear. We all get together. Ain't got nothing to fear. We throw the old bastard right out on his ear. Farewell to Hasher [Music] Hazer. Whoops. All right, look at this. Got a few more super chats rolling in. Well, first thank you Michelle Vincent Corbo, Midwestern Marks member as well. Really appreciate you, comrade. Thank you for always being a supporter. Consistent student of the Marxism school. Yes, I think in all of my my last three four classes. So, shout out to you, Gorbis. Who's worse, Fuko or Nietze or Frankfurt School? Uh, I guess that's hard to rank. I gotta go with Fuko just based on his actions in Tunisia. What do you think, Carlos? Yeah, my uh my ranking from worst to least worse would be the order that he provides actually. Fuko, Nichze, and Frankfurt school. uh Fuko represents almost like uh the the turning point of Bordo ideology towards postmodernism which is the culmination point of the tradition of philosophical irrationalism of which Nija was a central figure in that transition along with Schopenh and and Edward Bon Hartman but more so Nichza and it gets intensified a little bit in Fuko and the Frankfurt school for all their flaws you know uh they have some postmodernized components but they do at least have to sustain the veneer of of Marxism in their analysis which I think is far superior to uh both Nietz and Fuko. So the order for me would be Fuko and Nietze and then Frankurt school nom. Thank you David. Appreciate you brother. Have a drink on me. I will for sure. Thank you man. That's very nice of you. You guys rock. Hope you're doing well at the CWS. Terry with the 10 Canadian dollars. Happy birthday. Thank you so much, Terry. Thank you for taking a cut out of your bluecollar workingclass paycheck uh to fund the institute. We appreciate you and we'll never take any money from corporate sources. Always straight from the proletariat. But thank you so much, Terry. Feliz Kanos or Feliz K. Maybe it's different in Portuguesea. No, no, no. That's just a short short. Okay. How do you debunk the whole cultural Marxism stuff? Um it's uh it mostly stems from the Frankfurt school like we were saying or the CIA backed Congress for cultural freedombacked um leftists who tried to replace class struggle with identity politics. And then the right-wing points at that and say that says you know that is Marxism now. Marxism is just this hyper obsession with identity politics and all this stuff that that working-class people tend to hate about liberalism. You know, they point at that and call it Marxism. All you have to say is that as soon as you remove the class struggle, it ceases to be Marxism. You know, it's uh a a well- constructed uh trap in order to turn people against the philosophy by associating with liberalism. Absolutely. The main thing to to point at is to understand that these people were literally they were built up and promoted for the sake of attacking actual communists and actual Marxists. So um their fundamental purpose was anti-communist and anti-marxist. Um but they called themselves Marxist. So in a society where where you call yourself determines what you are, perhaps you can call them cultural Marxism. But um you know I I I don't think there's much Marxism there given that it's cultural and the the essence of Marxism is analyzing society on the basis of how real material objective forces in the economic base political economy uh determine other facets of of human society. And if you focus on culture in a way that's disconnected and reapplied from that objective material basis, your analysis is not Marxist. That doesn't mean you can't have a cultural analysis from a Marxist position. We have people like Christopher Codwell who have done that in the past and Luke Cox and others. But uh the Frankfurt school often steered towards you know a uh a cultural focus um and that's much more intensified in other people that are considered left in the academy like Fuko the postmodernist the postcolonialist etc. For sure. Carlos have you studied any gender ideology? Yeah, Carlos actually wrote his undergraduate thesis on Judith Butler. He's now writing his doctoral dissertation on um expanding Judith Butler's analysis to say, you know, not only is gender fluid, but everything's fluid. So, you know, not only can you be any gender, but you can be a tree except for fluids. Fluids are solid. Fluids are solid. Fluids are fluids. That's not on a spectrum. That's hard and fast. something's on the spectrum. Um, we can say that, but uh, no, no, no. Of course, I I actually I wrote my undergraduate thesis on on Slavoy Shishek and on the sublime object of ideology if anyone's interested. It's also the paper I used to apply to grad school and the one that got me accepted. But I have studied gender ideology. I had to teach it when I was a TA in one of my ethics classes and um I had uh I had interesting predicaments that already happened at that time which was maybe five years ago now where I had in in two of my classes that I had to TA I had in one one and in the other two students I had dransition. Uh so as I was going through what I was forced to cover and to say I had these students that were just constantly uh countering it which was interesting because a countering perspective of those ideas are not usually allowed to enter into the academy so I didn't have to do anything. It was a student who could somewhat challenge some of these assumptions for me. You bet Upper Decker. You bet. Querty. Querty just caught me throwing the Zin in. You know, Eli, our producer, is one of the people who got me into Zen. So, like, it helps you focus. It gives you energy. There's no research yet that nicotine itself is real bad for you. And it reduces your appetite. It's like a win-winwin. Not Not promoting nicotine to anyone, but the ACP at this point is like halfway fueled by nicotine. Thoughts on Foster denouncing Stalin? I didn't know that happened. Did he do that? Uh, which Foster? That's the question. Yeah, John. John Foster that's alive. And and there's the William Z Foster. William Z. Foster. I don't think he ever denounced Stalin. At least I mean there was disagreements, but there wasn't any denunciation of that sort that I know of. Yeah, I don't that's what I was thinking. And I thought uh I mean the secret speech made things crazy but um let me ask Chad GBT. I don't remember when Foster died either. 56. No, he never did. He was one of his most committed defenders. That's what I thought. Um yeah, Foster is pretty based. Uh people should read Foster. he was, you know, the CPUSA um at the time they weren't able ever able to seize power, but they um you know, he was able to keep the party together during the time of Earl Browder. And we side with Foster and the split that happened with the party at that time 100%. Browder was basically, you know, trying to liquefy the party and turn it into an appendage of the Democrats like it is today. And Foster reconstituted the party similar to what we did with the ACP. So, it was a historical lesson we learned a lot from. And it's so ironic that uh so many of our haters call us Browderites. Um because, you know, the historical precedence for what we did with forming the ACP and taking over CPUSA chapters, um you know, lays in the split between Foster and Browder and we side with Foster in that. But, um Battle Kosak 500 Argentinian dollars. That's got to be at least 20 American cents. Just kidding, brother. Appreciate you. Um, I hate the lefttoids who hate America. Calling it America. Literally the cringiest thing ever, even for a non- US citizen like me. And they think AES countries support them. I uploaded a video on Discord to showcase one of these leftoids. Yeah, they're quite ridiculous. Um, and you know, it's hilarious that they think they're going to be able to get American workers on board with that. Like, if people in your neck of the woods battle Kosak, like if people in Argent Argentina want to burn American flags, like, knock yourself out, you know? I don't still don't think it's going to accomplish anything, but like do what you want to do. Our country is, you know, an imperialist power um trying to hold your country in poverty. But here in America, if you're burning the American flag, you're like already making yourself repulsive to 99.9% of bluecollar working-class people. And it's just counterproductive. And Michael Pary has a whole chapter on that. And uh super patriotism. Apparently, it was a thing even back then um for people to spell America with a K and you know have flag burning ceremonies like that'll that'll bring the revolution comes from the the protests against the war in Vietnam. I had a professor that uh made a very interesting statement. He wasn't a Marxist but he he was like a a pro-socialism pragmatist scholar uh one of the leading scholars of Shaylor and and William James and and John Dwey and he said that the left in the US lost when during the Vietnam War instead of picking up the flag it burned it allowed the ruling class to it's basically a fidelista sentiment. It's the same thing Fidal told a committee of young students from the US that went to Cuba that were communists and and showing solidarity with the Cuban revolution. He said, "That's your flag. Um, own it. Don't let the ruling class take it. And if after the revolution you want to [ __ ] around with it, do it. But for now, it's your flag. It's a flag of your people. And you have to you have to be the ones that appear to the masses of the American people as the ones that actually represent what is the most holy and and and worthy uh represented in that flag. Yeah, we should look back at Vietnam and our past I mean the Vietnam war protests and like past anti-imperialist proworker uprisings in America and learn from them. There's a tendency I noticed to like lionize um these like historical events and figures and you know view them as like perfect rather than looking at them critically to learn from them. um you know whether it's like the Black Panthers or the the Vietnam War protests like yes these were amazing things especially the Panthers like you know obviously we should uphold Fred Hampton as a hero um but we should also you know learn from their mistakes I'm sure that's what they would want us to do today not just say you know act like they were deities or have this dogmatic view um which you know especially with the Vietnam War protest because they ended up being so heavily MK Ultra like there's a lot to learn here. Happy birthday, Eddie. Grateful for Midwestern Marxist work upholding Marxism, Leninism, ACP Rising. Thank you so much, P Money. We appreciate you and we will never stop unless uh all of our core supporters like you guys go away. Um, but I don't see that happening. I think we're just going to keep building until we have a real movement that can change something in this country. Appreciate you very much. Feliz compla Eddie David one of the OGs the OG patron thank you so much David appreciate you brother thank you for being with us from the beginning there's not many people who have been around as long as you and stuck with us and stuff so we appreciate you a ton for that foster proof in chat oh where uh thank you Ty um William Z Foster as their crus of speak secret speech in his selected works on MIA. Um, do you have like a quote or something more specific or do you just have a I know from from the old heads of the old uh party that the party just completely accepted the Kruev speech line. Um, of course there was a ton of people within the party that were dissatisfied. It created a a great split in the party um which was intensified by the by the experience of Hungary. Many people in the party drank the Kool-Aid as far as the Hungarian uprising. Um but the material the the reasons for why the party took the position that it took on Stalin was because who was materially backing the CPUSA? It was Moscow. It was Papa Kruev at that time. And if Papa Kruev says now we got to condemn Papa Stalin and Papa Kruev is the one that's allowing you to put food on the table to have libraries and all these different projects around the country giving you the the ability to have the real estate and all this other stuff that the CPUSA had in terms of resources. Why are you going to go against Papa Kruev? Right? So it was a situation where you know for material incentive reasons uh they were beholden to what Kruev said and you know in a certain perspective that's understandable in another perspective that's no different than when a politician turns around and does what the people that funded his campaign the packs that funded his campaign tell him to do you know so it's it's just a different uh pack that was influencing the the party here and that's that's been a generally ly uh a general problem in the history of LCP USA, how influenced it was by Moscow because it was up until a certain point the only successful workingclass dictatorship in the world. But it suffocated our ability to develop plentifully and to the potentialities that we had and American Marxism adapt to our situation. Yeah. The sources I'm seeing here say that um um Foster even rejected the secret speech in 56. Um but that could be wrong. So I'll look into it more um after the stream maybe. I I don't see the links that you sent. But Jimmy Shoot, thank you Jimmy Shoot with Arabic characters for the 20. Appreciate you brother. That's huge. Thank you very much. We will be sure to use it wisely. Marxist book recommendations for geopolitics. Um, you could read anything by Hudson. Um, he's probably the best uh econ like Marxist economist doing geopolitical analysis and stuff today. Um, you could read uh Parethy is great. I mean, it's outdated um because it was in the 90s and early 2000s, but like if you want to learn about like the war on Yugoslavia, Parenthy's book is probably the best one out there for English speakers. Um if you want to understand imperialism in general, I would read his Against Empire. Um or Dirty Truths, um any of these books are good. Actually, I'd probably go with uh Parethy is the one I've read who does the most like straight up geopolitical analysis in his books and explaining how imperialism works. You got to read Lenin's imperialism too, obviously. But yeah, it's important to understand uh that geopolitics has its foundations in geo economy. Um so it's it'd be good to not just look at geopolitics but geopolitical economy. And I think the person working most explicitly uh with that framework today is is both Hudson but also uh Ratica Hail who's who's done a lot of good work. Yeah. True. Um is great. Yeah. and and then you know the a lot of what these geopolitics uh books are are compilations of articles that uh quote unquote experts uh make on the basis of ongoing affairs and commentaries that are about what's happening in the world. So if you really want to study geopolitics it's better to follow uh some of the more cutting edge places publishing commentaries on geopolitics than to you know grab the books. you grab the books for foundational theory, for you know, history, for literature, for stuff that's so ongoing, it's better to just read the articles, to read the scholarly articles, and to uh get your information from that. Absolutely. Um, what was I going to say? I had something else to say, but I can't remember. Oh, I was going to bring up Nate's comment. Um he said he remembered hearing that if this is true it's crazy that Kruev asked Foster on his deathbed or came to see Foster on his deathbed and Foster praised Mao which would be insane because that was obviously Ceno Soviet split era that would be wild if he did that. So, we got to get to the bottom of this because um I don't know if the split I don't know if the split was that intense at that time. No, but the seeds of it were already there. The seeds were they wanted Cruchev ever. But it takes they have this period of like almost a decade where they're just like flirt fighting with each other. Um, Cruise Chef takes a few trips to China uh and they set up like debates to see if they can work things out and they fail and then they do the same thing uh some months after or a year after. And that's that's the there was something inevitable I think in the split. It's very sad and and in hindsight we can look at it and be like, man, that was [ __ ] stupid. It should have never happened. But if you look at the years going up to the real intense uh Sino Soviet split, they were really trying uh to to reconcile and and and you know there couldn't be any reconciliation with a Kruev administration that the the Mauist felt was complete uh a complete collapse into revisionism. For sure that Zho and lie quote is my favorite when Cruchev says the problem is I'm working class and you're not and Zho says we have another thing in or we but we do have one thing in common. We're both traders to our class. Um do you guys like David Greyber's book? His book on debt is pretty solid. Yeah, I like that book a lot. Um you know there's parts where I feel like if he was following like a more strict Marxist method, you know, it could have made the book even better. But it's a great his piece of history. Um, I got it for my upcoming essay that's been upcoming for like two years now because I keep researching for it about uh the gold standard. Um, but in the history of currency, which his book is kind of a must- readad at this point if you're going to do anything on that. So, um, it's very good. And Gber was a popularizer of Hudson. That's how Hudson himself has has spoken about Greyber. He has some ideas that I I think are unique. His idea of baseline communism is is pretty interesting. I think we talked about it last stream, last time we spoke uh together on stream, so I don't want to repeat myself, but um yeah, he was an interesting person and someone worth reading even if he's not a Marxist and has certain historical narratives that I don't think the Marxist would agree with, but you know, we learn from everyone. Have you heard of soy liberal Matt Dillahanti? Yes, I grew up in a evangelical Christian household. I've absolutely heard of Matt Dillahanti. Uh he's smart. I've he had a debate with Jordan Peterson where he absolutely destroyed him. Like he's a smart guy. But um he has dedicated his life to arguing against religion and uh arguing for atheism. And with all the material evils in the world today with imperialism and capitalism and mass poverty and mass starvation and an ongoing genocide funded with our tax dollars, it's like if you're if you look at all that and you're like, you know what I can do with my intelligence and my intellect? yell at religious people for believing in God and taking their kids to church on Sunday or they teach them like instill moral values, you know, like of course like I like I said, I grew up in the church. I have a million bajillion critiques of religion I could give you, but I would rather just, you know, let people have their religious beliefs and and share what I believe in terms of um, you know, the material world, what's actually going on in the world, and push for a a more rational and sensible politics. And there's critiques of religion to be made. You know, I critique it from time to time um, when it's relevant. But uh to just make your whole life, you know, being like an edgy teenage atheist who calls every religious person a [ __ ] um it's kind of silly. But Dillah Hunty is a smart person. Do you know him, Carlos? No. No, I've never heard of him. You should. Um ACP is pro-Christian fundamentalist. Definitely not. If you're a fundamentalist, you're probably not a communist. No, no, no. We are a Muslim party. We're guided by Sharia law and that's that. Yes. Bye-bye. Communism is Sharia law. I I haven't I I I've heard his name and I I looked him up uh now and I can recognize the face. Uh I don't know if I've seen him on his Auados uh before. This Bolivar guy. Yeah. Bolivar Chavaria. Um, from what I'm looking at here, it looks uh interesting. He's at the UNAM, uh, National Autonomous University of Mexico. I just published an article with their uh, journal that's tied to Celak, the Centroios Laores, whatever the [ __ ] It's it's like a center for labor and communist and socialist studies. That's very, very old. that uh that journal has some of the most prestigious people as editors. They had user as an editor. I wonder if they had a Java as an editor because it was all the leftists basically in Vietnam. But I got to publish an article about what I think about the Trump administration. So you can check that out. It's called the Levita Memorialia. You look up Memorialia Seak or Levita Memorialia uh Unam, you'll be able to find it. Kruev fed the USSR. He was the beginning of the downfall. Any opinions? Yeah, I agree with that. I think uh things were running pretty well under Stalin. That's one of the places where I disagree or where I agree with like traditional Mauists. Um they basically think thing think that things went arry under Kruev and that Stalin was doing well and I agree with that. Have you heard of distributism? It's Catholic socialism. I haven't. Is it just distributing things more equally? It's interesting. I like Catholic social teaching. We both do. Atheism activists or libertarians or anarchist? Yeah, I think Dilah Hunt is like a, you know, libertarian liberal type guy. But um I have a great video pulled up or uh that I want to pull up from the handsoff protests. These these very very rousing uh liberal protests where they're saying hands off NATO. Don't you touch our precious NATO, Trump. NATO protects our democracy. Um, and they're protesting for more money to be sent to Ukraine. You know, very important things. These guys are really challenging the establishment as usual. Um, I don't know if there have been any socialist uh groups involved with these. Do you know, Carlos? Not sure. I'm not sure if like DSA or whatever is doing anything. it it's probably too imperialist even for like them. But um this is one of the uh one of the videos that blew my mind when I saw it. I I cannot believe this is real. Truly, but this is from the handsoff protest. Protests gone wrong. Can you guys hear this? Can you guys hear the sound? Unfortunately, yes. Okay, I can't. But I'll just keep playing it. Wait, but if we pause here, let me go back a little bit for a second just so we can um look at the context. What's that we got over here? It says save democracy and it's a Ukraine flag shape as a heart. And then back here we have restore foreign aid. So, these guys are basically just mad about all of the best things that Trump is doing. They're basically mad about the things that Trump has done to uh roll back US imperialism and they're protesting it. [Applause] [Music] got to be. I mean, we've gotten some insane protest videos the past few years with everything going on. But that's got to be one of the craziest I ever seen. And I was alone scrolling Instagram when I saw that and I went, "Oh my god." This guy with a shirt that says, "I am the weapon goes up scrolls up there and straight up texts this lady in the face who's having a schizophrenic breakdown at the pro- NATO protest." Oh, hopefully that doesn't get us taken off YouTube. Look, man, I don't endorse uh putting your hand on on on women, but that was objectively hilarious. This guy walks into the [ __ ] camera view with a shirt that says, "I am the weapon." And he just he shows us how he's the weapon. But here's the thing. If if uh was the lady that was crashing out, was she protesting the liberal [ __ ] that the other people were protesting? Was she the base one politically or or or where where were they? Because it's it's such a cluster [ __ ] of liberal politics here. That's true. I I watched that video many times and I could not comprehend for the life of me what that lady was saying. Um but maybe she was just, you know, screaming facts at him. Maybe she could have been the least based the least based Putinist, right? Who knows? We'll never know. That lady sounded like she was gargling peanut butter. Um all right. I got another video here, too. video and just tweet from Pete Hegs tattoos. What's he again? What's his actual role? The old Fox News host who has a Deas Vault tattoo. Yeah. Yeah, I know what you're talking about. I just referenced it in my article, but I can't remember. Yeah, he's like the, you know, involved with defense. He's got some super high up position where he's um in charge of the military and defense. And Trump just promised a trillion dollar military budget. Trillion dollar. They say he's rebuilding our military. The only part of America that didn't need to be rebuilt, the military, where we spend more than the next seven countries combined. And these idiots, these morons who ran on an anti-war platform are out here bragging about a trillion dollar military budget. Is that where Americans want their taxes to go? I can't imagine this is super popular. I mean, it's easy to get people riled up about the military. You pitch it as defense. Everybody wants strong defense obviously, but I think a lot of people are aware that we have over a thousand military or you know nearly a thousand military bases around the world. Then the next country, the second place country is like China or Russia with 12, right? We're the only country who's maintaining this massive empire and it's extremely expensive. And I feel like Trump's ego, you know, he just wanted to be the first one to hit a trilly. Um, that was probably the only thing driving this, but it's wild. Yeah, it's disgusting. It's disgusting because like you said, people elected this uh presidency because uh it posited itself as anti-war. It said it was going to be a common sense administration that was going to stop forever wars. It was going to drain the swamp and attack the deep state. And so far, we've seen none of that. We saw a half-ass tariff policy that was just put on pause. Uh but even if it wasn't put on, it was put on pause with the exception of China, right? um like if putting tariffs on China could significantly do anything to the Chinese economy which has uh even in the last like six years uh continued to uh make itself more independent from America as a consumer base. So the tariff policy, as your recent uh video pointed out, is is not conjoined with any of the other things that would make that form of protectionism capable of bringing back jobs, of lowering the cost of doing business, of guaranteeing the basic necessities for people so that you could lower the cost of doing business and of cracking down on the financial parasitic elements that are the ones that raise the cost artificially of doing business. So it it it would have spiraled into a great failure because of how incomplete it was. So there's nothing that I think the the Trump administration has done conclusively. There's been certain steps that have been positive, but he's he hasn't been able to complete in any arena something that would warrant him uh him being able to to to keep his promise. And this goes contrary to something I wrote uh just uh two months ago uh for our journal and for a Cuban uh cultural magazine where I said that the liberals were freaking out a month in because it seemed like Trump was going to fulfill his promise of ending the war in Ukraine of of dismantling the deep state. It was a time where he was uh moving towards completely destroying USAID. He had talked about destroying potentially the National Endowment for Democracy and other institutions and cracking down on various other aspects of of the wasteful imperialist bureaucracy. Uh but you know, none of that has uh really materialized into much. And I think what we're seeing is something that Brian Berletic mentioned uh in a video a couple uh weeks ago where he said that look, if you have a warlord that has a a sword and he cuts the the heads off the other um warlords from other uh from from other places and then he gets their swords and he adds it to to his sword. And you keep doing that. At some point you have this really scary looking sword with a bunch of mini swords going all over the place. But it's kind of like those beds of nails when there's so many you can lay on them and you're not going to get cut. Nothing's fundamentally going to happen. So then people see the warlord removing swords and they're like, "Oh my god, he's dismantling this oppressive regime. He's going to bring us peace and prosperity and whatever else." and then he's left with the initial sword and then he sharpens it and he continues to to accumulate the skeleton. So, um perhaps that's that's what happened. What was cut were the the the fatty parts of the imperialist deep state institutions so that the rest of it can function more efficiently. But it's it's just a cluster [ __ ] of of of you know unfulfilled promises. I see people pointing out that it'll be mostly profits for the military industrial complex. It's crazy how much free money those bastards get. Rathon and Boeing. And if you go to like LA, they have these massive massive uh plants um for weapons manufacturing. The only thing we freaking manufacture in this country anymore, if we even do. And I'm sure a lot of the parts and manufacturing is done outside the US, too. But it's like you people talk about welfare queens. You know, who's a bigger welfare queen than these uh military contractors, the you know, all the millions or billions of dollars in weapons that they sell to Israel that's, you know, ultimately coming from American taxpayers and the US government, the money that they get from the war in Ukraine, trillion dollars that's going to be used to line their profits and the profits of their shareholders. You know, I mean, and a significant chunk of the stuff that's manufactured here for the military-industrial complex is done by prison labor. And remember that the vast majority of the people in in prison are there for nonviolent offenses for smoking the same sort of dope that the kids of the elite and corrupt politicians that govern us smoke. You're telling me Hunter Biden's guilty? He got pardoned though by his dad. Um, well, I'll get to the super chats after we watch Trump announced this. He also said something funny here to Netanyahu. He kind of like talked down to him, which I'm sure is he just knows a lot of his base are like jqers now and anti-Israel. So, he's trying to still seem like a tough guy while doing everything that the neocons and military-industrial complex wants him to do in Zionist lobby. The sound's not coming through. Oh one sec. I can probably fix that. Let me reshare. How about now? Built the military during my first term and uh we uh we have great uh great things happening with our military. We also uh essentially approved a budget which is in the facility, you'll like to hear this, of a trillion dollars, $1 trillion. And nobody's seen anything like it. We have to build our military. And nobody's seen anything like it. It's amazing. It's beautiful bases all over Iraq. We're taking the oil. When Obama was president, he waged stupid wars. My wars are going to be bigger, better. we're going to win all the wars. We're very costconcious, but the military is something that we have to build and we have to be strong because you got a lot of bad forces out there now. So, we're going to be approving a budget the uh and I'm proud to say actually the biggest which bad forces do we have besides the guy sitting next to you, Trump, that could potentially invade the US? What what bad forces are these that are considering launching an offensive attack on the US? They don't exist. All these bad forces around the world, the Houthis Hamas Hezbollah, even Russia, they're literally just defending themselves from US NATO aggression. They're defending themselves from the guy sitting to your left right there, BB Netanyahu, who's a modern-day Hitler. And I don't say that lightly. I know everybody, you know, throws around that word. No, these are the new Nazis, the Israelis. Um, and he's the leader of them. He's their Hitler. Those are the bad forces around the world, and they're all backed by us. And we're more likely to get nuked by Israel than we are by any other country because of their uh Samson option, I believe it's called, where it says if there's an existential threat to the state of Israel, they'll use nukes. Where do you think they got those nukes? from the tech and information and money given to them by the United States. So, it's just so so nonsensical. This is a huge Trump L. It's been just a roller coaster of, you know, W's and L's since he got in office. And this is a huge L that kind of makes it look like, you know, all the W's were just fake. And he's just And this is this is why they have to bombard you with Marvel movies and other [ __ ] nonsense and and and [ __ ] because you've been used to your whole life of seeing the script. There's bad guys, there's good guys. We got to go get the bad guys. To get the bad guys, we got to do it by any means necessary. We got to build up the military, do all this other stuff. and then you see it on your television set on a current event and you're like the reference point is the [ __ ] you've seen over and over and over uh in these billiondoll funded uh military-industrial complex uh uh hands involved uh movies. So uh this is it. This is the the the typical Marvel script. We need to give more money to the military so that we can fight the bad guys. And the world is divided between good and bad guys and we're the good guys. Yep. one we've ever done for the military. We're cutting other things that were uh under Doge but under a lot of other when you look at uh a woman getting $2 billion for environmental and it had nothing to do with environmental and they had $100 in the bank and they give her two billion. many many of those cases all that stuff is I've noticed when he's doing something that he knows is going to be controversial with his base he turns to these like just like plaid it's like the you know the Democrats version of talking about freedom and democracy where he's like well we cut something that was going to this one lady who was an environmentalist she was a tree hugger getting government money so you know if you think about it spending a trillion dollars to bomb you many children isn't that bad, right? Cuz I mean, dog, we we got rid of money that was going to a leftist activist in Iowa City who was transgender. We got rid of that. So, come on. Give us your money. Give us your children. We're sending them to Iraq now. You're muted, Carlos. And it's it's purely performative as as uh as you're hinting at. And some of the more consistent people in uh the sphere of NAGA commentary and analysis have pointed to this. People like Colonel Douglas McGregor and and Tucker Carlson have talked about the different ways in which some of the central uh moves that Trump has made which have been somewhat positive have been pretty performative uh in in character. And uh look, this is stuff that we've been predicting for like a very very long time cuz there's [ __ ] idiots out there that think that we just, you know, give a blind check of support to Trump or whatever the [ __ ] Um that's not the case. We've been we're not surprised by this uh phenomenon that some people in in MAGA spaces are calling the Trump's betrayal of MAGA. It doesn't surprise us. We've been writing articles and and and speaking about how this is what is going to happen. He's going to pretend to be one thing. We hope that would be what he would be. But, you know, as uh as people who have, you know, a pessimism of the mind, as Graham would say, we understand that that's not what's going to happen because we understand, as Mark says, that the president is just a puppet that's up there to serve the interests of the empire. They could have put a monkey in a suit and it would have been the same [ __ ] thing. Uh, irrespective of who would have won, Cabalo or Trump. It's it's about the the underlying foundational unchanging policy of the imperialist deep state and that is tending towards the same place that it's always been tending. We have to listen to uh the guy that owns Black Rockck. I'm forgetting his name, but during the campaign uh period, he said something along the lines of, "I'm sick and tired of hearing this is the most important election of our er of of of our time because the truth is nothing's fundamentally going to change just like every time you tell me it's the most important election of our time." When people like the CEO of Black Rockck tell us that, I think we should listen more carefully because that's fundamentally the truth. It's Larry Frink is Larry. Yeah. Um, yeah. I mean, and much of the MAGA B I mean, I've talked to MAGA people recently who say, I don't like I don't even like Trump, you know, but look at what the Democrats are. And it's the substance that he offers or promises and doesn't fall through on or follow through on that. A lot of people are into the promising to bring back manufacturing and industry, improve the American economy, you know, stop doing this uh free market uh neoliberalism, you know, complete neoliberalism, do more of like implement some of these social democratic policies, talk about ending the war in Ukraine. Like a lot of people got on board with these and that's why, you know, we don't uh you talk about MAGA as a basket of deplorables. In a lot of ways, you know, it is it it is objectively the most revolutionary anti-establishment political movement in the country that actually has the power to change anything right now. Um, that's objectively true and in many ways it's the most progressive movement in the country. Um, but you have to look at MAGA as beyond Trump. You have to look at it as a totality. You have to look at the people who um, make up MAGA, the workingclass people who make it up, even small business owners and stuff. And there are different elements within MAGA. Some of them reactionary and some of them, you know, quite progressive. But got some super chats here. Thank you, Battle Kosac. Another one. Um, The Hour of the Furnaces. Yeah, you've been recommending this one to me forever. I haven't got a chance to check it out. I don't I rarely get a chance to watch movies um right now. I'm just so busy. Uh, but I will check it out at some point. I promise. Thoughts on Dean Withers? I think is his last name. The soy Tik Tok liberal. Yeah, I don't know. Those guys will not debate me. They they will not they will not interact with me other than one. There's one of those uh those were the guys who invented the straight white dudes for Kamla meme. Like four white liberal Tik Tockers who get paid by Democratic party connected NOS's to make the Tik Toks that they do. Only one of them will talk to me. His name's Chris. He's pretty cool as far as those guys go. I feel like he's just like a follower kind of. He's like uh just uh kind of doing it for fun and he's friends with Harry and he's making money so he's like whatever, I'll keep doing this. Um I debated him once. I didn't get a recording of it because it was on his Tik Tok stream, but he actually let me come up. Harry never lets me come up. Um and I request often. Um and Dean doesn't either. I don't know. I haven't challenged him as much, but um uh yeah, I dismantled the guy's arguments. Obviously, he's like a 19-year-old Neolib. Um but I didn't get a recording of it. Um hopefully I got him thinking a little bit, though. Hopefully he'll lead that path one day. It's really shameful to take Buddy to to push that kind of ideology. Dylan, thank you for the $10 super chat. Appreciate you brother. Do you think war with Iran is inevitable or is it another nothing burger? I don't think it's inevitable. Um I mean that would be I don't know if we'll see that under the Trump administration. That would be such a massive betrayal of everything that he's run on. Um on a level that I don't think he would want to risk. Um there are high-profile people now in the Republican party like uh you know Tucker Carlson or even Douglas McGregor who are um actively speaking out against war with Iran and getting you know hundreds of thousands of impressions. People who are you know agreeing with them calling out Trump saying you promised to end the wars. How could you do this? You know the opposite of what we need is more hostility with Iran. So, uh, I doubt it, but you know, one day maybe. But I think a regional war is more likely than a US war with Iran. Well, you have this interesting predicament where um the US has objective interests uh around the the region which would uh be affected if it carries war against Iran in the ways in which Trump is speaking about it which is effectively like bombing nuclear facilities. That would be catastrophic. I recommend people watch the the interview that Tucker Carlson did with the prime minister of Qatar um where he explains in detail the sort of effects that we would see if if such a policy was undertaken. Hundreds of thousands of human beings uh would lose their lives within two three days. Regions with millions of people would just not have any water to do anything with. So this situation, I mean, if if it happens, um, what do you think those countries are are are going to do? They're going to, of course, uh, develop very quickly the the nuclear weapons that they're very close to developing and and and have decided not to. But, you know, of course, you have the the Iran nuclear dealer uh deal, but if there's something that history has shown us is that fortunately, the reality is that it's only when you get the nuke uh that you're able to have any power and and you know, any ability to ward off uh the attacks from imperialism because they understand what the consequences are. So, uh, if an attack like that happened, I think that it's not, you know, impossible to see Iran speeding up the process of getting, uh, the bomb and and doing, uh, what it's going to do to its hostile forces in in the region. But then at the same time, Judge Neil uh Napoleano or Neapolitano, I forget what the last name is. He was just on George Galloway today and he was talking about how uh BB Netanyahu really wants Trump to wage a war against Iran because Israel is a fractured society. There's many different factions that for some reason or another dislike the Netanyahu government. And uh the way that a government that is delegitimized by the population is able to obtain legitimacy historically has been through war. War is one of the great means through which unpopular presidents or prime ministers become more popular. We have the case of course of Bush uh Junior the US. So um I I think it's not impossible. So it's not off the table um to to have a war with Iran, but there's other material incentives for why they shouldn't for for the the US even thinking as an imperialist power uh shouldn't uh wage war against Iran, especially those Gulf states who will be terribly affected because they have Iran as a neighbor. I think you're muted, Eddie. I don't think Iran right now is moving towards nuclearization. Unfortunately, it seems like the reformists rather than the re revolutionaries are gaining steam in Iran. Um, and the US has a lot of their money tied up with sanctions and stuff that is leading to a lot of opportunism in Iran. A lot of people who want to get their money back. So, they're trying to appease the US rather than taking a principled anti-imperialist stance. So for the US to you know like launch an attack against them and push them in the direction of creating nuclear weapons like what Carlos said it would be really really illconceived. It would truly if they did that it would truly be an example of Israel actually convincing the US to do something like you know like the jqers believe is what happened with Iraq. Um as if the oil companies and stuff didn't have anything to do with that. You know, as always, the Zionists are just a part of the the entire puzzle, pushing for their own interests. But if they were to attack Iran, that would be I don't see anyone who benefits from that besides Netanyahu. And not even, you know, Israeli society, like you said, but just Netanyahu and his far-right coalition. And I don't know if Trump really gives a [ __ ] about Netanyahu, to be honest. He loves Israel, but I don't know if he cares about him as a person. Thank you, Michelle, for gifting five subs. Appreciate you, brother. Thank you, comrade Corvis. Congrats to whoever hits those. The thing about Netanyahu is that, and I just heard Max Bummenthal speak about this, within the right wing of Israel, he's a moderate. So, he's not even part of the the most extreme part of the since he has to answer to the US, uh he's had to tone down a lot of a lot of positions. So he is, but he's also in order to when he took power, it was through a far-right coalition. So he's got these people like Idomar, Ben Gavir in his coalition. And in a lot of ways, they're the ones running the show, running the IDF, and these are like insane people who like, you know, will like pee on dead bodies if they're, you know, Arab, like insane people who are openly Jewish supremacist. Those are the people who uh um guide a lot of the policy right now, who make up Netanyahu's coalition that got him in power within, you know, Israeli politics. Um and then he kind of puts the smiling face on it, you know, the more toned down face, which is crazy because the guy's a genocidal Nazi lunatic. Um but you know, in order to appease the US and speak to the public, he gives the appearance of being a little more sane. But his roots are, you know, the roots of the Israeli government are in the extreme right, the extreme right of Zionist society, which is like right layered on top of right like just the extreme right in a society where 99% of the people are in favor of the genocide or of intensifying uh the pace of the genocide. It's it's really sickening. It's a society that has completely drank the supremacist and and genocidal uh Kool-Aid. And I brought that Netanyahu thing up just to because I've seen something with Bernie and the discourse of these other social democrats, democratic socialists, uh which is that instead of speaking about Israel or Zionism, they speak about the Netanyahu regime, uh and they try to pin the actions, uh that we've seen over the last x amount of years to just the Netanyahu administration and to the so-called Israeli far right. But these are just the the the purest forms of the expressions of Zionism as a as a colonial project. So this, you know, always be wary of these attempts to to overemphasize like the far-right character or the Netanyahu administration when discussing what's going on in the region because that's that's a way to whitewash the Zionist project. um and ignore the many ways in which those actions of those far-right uh so-called far-right people in Israel are the ones that the are the most consistent with Zionist ideology. Yeah, it just rips the mask off is all this far-right coalition is just the inevitable conclusion. They just tell the truth about Israel instead of pretending they're socialists or liberals. Um what are your thoughts on due dissidence and Jimmy Door? Thanks for all you do. Thank you. I like due dissidence. Um, Jimmy Door's hit or miss, but he's good most of the time. You know, probably agree with 90 80 90% of what he says. He's off base anytime he talks about communism or Marxism. And he like he starts to like sound like a boomer. And I think I also think Jimmy's brain like kind of got not broken, but when he got vaccine injured, he became like completely obsessed with COVID and Fouchi. And if you listen to him talk now, pretty much every point he makes goes back to COVID or is a joke about CO and it just gets old, you know, and I like he's he's funny, he's a comedian, you know, he's on the right side of most the issues. It's cool. I don't think he's like a extremely intelligent person who's like reading and learning new stuff all the time. Um, I think he kind of just finds news stories and, you know, gives his his bent on it. But he was more principled than a lot of the alt media during co. Um he gets a lot of issues right. He's overall a force for good for sure. Yeah. I think guys I think are a little smarter. I like them a lot. Yeah. I would say a lot. A lot smarter. Yes. They're cool guys. I've had the chance to speak uh with I don't know which with with which one of them, but I've spoken to one of them at least through Twitter a few times. Um they're dope. They're dope. We hope that we can build more bridges of communication with them and I think they did a reaction video to AC work that ACP did a while back. Uh they covered it very favorably. So, you know, if anyone's listening or if anyone can uh share this with them, we'd be more than happy to go on uh their program and talk about what, you know, we're doing cuz if you're going to talk about the left wing in in the US and the class struggle and the struggle for workers rights and against war, I think our party is is playing a very important role in that fight. So, we'd love to, you know, share what it is that we're doing, uh, what got us going and and why we think that the ACP is the party where, you know, the people that have faith in the working class and that stand against war and for the basic social and economic rights that we should have had a long time ago and that stand for workingclass power should be in the ACP or supporting it in some form or another. Yeah, I should reach out to them because I think they would be willing to talk um on the show. Happy birthday, Eddie. Salute from Florida ACP. Thank you, Harold. Appreciate you, brother. Keep up the great work. Keep organizing there in Florida. A lot of potential in Florida. Keep getting after it. Have you ever considered due dissidence? They worked with RBN and Jimmy Dor a couple times. They're trying to make an art scene separate from [ __ ] lives. Nice. Thank you, SB. Appreciate that, brother. Yeah, we just answered that question, but thank you so much for the super chat. We'll definitely try to get on due dissidence sometimes. Looks like a lot of people out there see the problems with capitalism and imperialism but have no solutions or just unrealistic solutions to deal with it. I mean, yeah, that's the importance of theory, right? Like people try to downplay the importance of a theoretical understanding, but it it truly is so important. Otherwise, you just end up being an anarchist. I was thinking about anarchism today. It's like uh you know, it's like the silliest, most immature individualistic ideology. like their hearts are in the right place. But it's like when you're a college student and you're like, I'm going to change the world and I could change the world and um here's exactly how I want the world to change. You know, I've been taught that socialism and Marxism are evil, so we need to do something different and I'm going to construct this new world, this new utopia that I invented in my head. And it's like most of them grow out of that after college. Um but it's like if you hang on to that after college, it's it's kind of embarrassing that there are like adult anarchists. Um, and it's it's so individualistic, it's so naive, it's so utopian. It's just like wanting to change the world and then letting emotion and your own feelings lead you, right, forever. And you never undo that. Communism, dialectical materialism, Marxism, Leninism is you want to change the world and through study and hard work, you find the best way to do that. you find the best possible way to do that based on the information that humanity has collected over the years. Um, you you understand that a new system needs to be built from our current system. You understand that there's a a contradiction inherent in our society, which is what leads people to want to change the system and want to overthrow it. And and it's that same contradiction um between classes in our society that drives anarchists to do what they do, right? But they fight that contradiction with their emotions and when with their own individualistic feelings and morals. Um whereas a communist is able to put those aside and and study what's worked in the past and what hasn't and take what works and understand uh based upon that contradiction that exists within society. That the only way you can truly change that and create lasting change um is through advancing the struggle of the workers who make up one pole of that contradiction. a larger pole that contains more people. Um, so it's it's understanding society as it currently exists and how we can most uh, you know, how we can actually change that society, how we can actually transform it. Whereas anarchists are just like uh, nope, I'm going to, you know, create some utopian system in my head that's never ever worked or been enacted historically and that's what we'll do and it'll be perfect and the greatest. Um, it's quite silly. If I can take a stab at this one um and perhaps get just a little bit into philosophy weeds. After all, there's some substance behind the monkey in the suit that you see on your screen. Um the traditional I I I think this gets at a question of if people know, why isn't more activity uh seen or at least productive activity? This gets at the question of ideology I think and the traditional Marxist orthodox Marxist approach uh gets captured very neatly by a phrase that Markx uses at the beginning of capital in the session on the commodity fetish where he says they know not what they do but they do it anyways. So it it's it's a matter of uh in essence of not knowing but still participating in in a specific process. Therefore, ideology is then uh understood from the standpoint of false consciousness of of a sort of inverted way of thinking about the state of affairs of not understanding things correctly. I think that we we are uh and have been for a while in an in a horizon where ideology doesn't just take that form. That's a form that it takes for a lot of people. I'm not as extreme as as some of the other, you know, people who theorize about ideology that say, "No, this is just the only form now and they point to something else." I think there's multiple forms. That's still one of them. But there's this other one that's very interesting and that I think captures part of the spirit of what you're trying to get at James which is that today we can reformulate it uh following Peter Slaughter's desk a German I believe he's German a conservative philosopher by saying that they know what they do very well but there they do it anyways right and here is uh in part a component of shishek's understanding and critique of ideology which is that you know it's not just a matter matter of of belief, but it's a matter of the practice and habits and institutions that we're a part of that that shape those habits. And uh Shishek brings up a very interesting example with Neil's Boore, the quantum physicist, who uh has a friend over and uh they're going to walk into his barn and he has a horseshoe on the front of the door and the friend asks, "Why do you have that, you know, uh uh that horseshoe? Don't you know that that's a sort of primitive superstitious uh symbol?" and he's like, "Ah, but here's the thing. It works even if you don't believe in it." So, we have this unique situation where there's a whole lot of people who don't buy the sauce anymore. Uh, who understand we don't really live in a democracy, who understand that we don't do things in other countries because we're spreading democracy or spreading freedom or or or fighting for human rights or none of this [ __ ] Who are literally, you know, uh, conscious and understand that uh what the problems are. Uh, so it's not a question of they know not what they do. Yes, they know what they do, but yet they're doing it anyways because they're they're forced to participate in these institutions in order to to survive. And here I think that at the level of like workingclass resistance, the work of of someone who we just published in Red America, which by the way, subscribe to Red America if you haven't already. It's the most cutting edge journal on Marxist theory. You can do so at redame.acp. us. Uh Vivc Shibber, we just had him in red America. And he makes it clear that, you know, this conception that it's just about having the wrong ideas and being fooled into accepting contrary ideas in most cases is not what's going on. People understand what's going on, but if they act on it, they lose their job. They lose their ability to participate in the institutions that allow them that that allow them to reproduce their life and and to survive. Um, look at what's happening. I I know it's not the best example, but in in some of the Starbucks unionizing efforts, I know how we feel about Starbucks unionizing. Uh but in in some of them it was the case that when in a specific location they wanted to unionize they would just close down the whole store and that's it back up and they're going to do it in another place with new employees. Uh what does that mean? That means that even the slightest bit of resistance uh gets you sacked and and gets you completely uh alienated from the means of acquiring a means of subsistence. Which means that central to people continuing to participate in this even though they know the truth is resignation. They resign themselves to continue doing it uh simply because you know if you don't you get screwed and you can't survive. And that's the element of mute compulsion that capitalism uh provides. You don't see it. No one's there with a gun telling you you have to go to the market and sell your labor power. But what happens if you don't sell that labor power and you have nothing else to sell? You die. You can't afford your house, you can't afford food, you can't afford the basic necessities to survive. And that's a form of compulsion. That's a form of coercion that is basic to the capitalist system and that goes unseen has necessarily a component of hiddenness to it. I was reading about that today. the component of hiddenness and how everything disguises itself um under capitalism and confuses the the categories of economics even um and makes you know the means of production appear as capital rather than what they are but in their their capitalist form which is actually a product of their social relation. Same with labor, same with ground rent. you know, these things are all uh portrayed as being universal and always existing historically and um when in reality they're specific social or they correspond to specific social relations. You know, the means of production aren't they don't have to be capital. They take that form in a capitalist society. Labor in every form of society isn't wage labor. It's that under capitalism. And the capitalist economists say, "No, you know, capitalism is universal and it's the final, you know, end destination of all human societies." And to be uh frank, nothing could be more [ __ ] Um that that whole field needs to be thrown in the trash and you know, [ __ ] on. Feliz Kleanos Eddie, hope you're having a good one with your loved ones. Thank you, Bear. Gracias Oso, appreciate you. Thank you very much. Keep up the great work. Um, Steve Bertram, I was an anarchist for years. It was a result of my being convinced that centralized power structures are inevitably corrupted. No utopian vision. Happy birthday. Thank you. Yeah, I mean there's that, too. You could just point at every single state and say, "All of these states made mistakes, so I'm going to condemn them all." You know, even though China's state has lifted 800 million people out of poverty and the American state has pushed millions of people into poverty and starvation, you know, you could say these are the same and I condemn them both because they're both equally bad rather than weighing the totality of their actions. That's the other anarchist thing, which is just a copout from taking a position that could get you in trouble with the establishment. But thank you so much, Steve. Appreciate you. Um, happy birthday, Eddie. will be forever grateful for your videos reading marks and Lenin to start me on the road to communism. Cheers. Badass. Thank you, Molly. I didn't even know that. Um, Molly's a longtime viewer, so really appreciate that. Charles, goier birthday. Let's go. Thank you, comrade. Appreciate you. Sy let's Sy, shoot some confetti in the air. Let's [Music] go. 800 million. can't even imagine. It's a crazy number. It is a crazy number. Communalism and not communism. You're right. You know what we need is we need like little um like meeting places, right, where the workers can meet communally and make decisions. And then those meeting places will relay information from the workers to the centralized state apparatus so that it can serve the interests of the workers. What should we call them though? I don't know.