hearing from people that criticize us that, you know, they always say socialism doesn't work. And you we hear it time and time again, but it's like we're living in a world where the biggest economy, fastest growing economy, the one that's actually manufacturing most of the goods that we use in the world is operated by the Communist Party of China. >> It's a socialist state. So, it's like cry harder, you know? It's like we're not in we're not that that rhetoric, that talking point doesn't work anymore. Would [music] [music] you have freedom from wage slavery [music] and join in the grand industrial land? [music] Would you from [singing] misery and hunger be free and come [music] do you share thy command? There is [music] power. There is power in a bed [music] of working. That's a power. [music] That's a power that must rule [music] in every land. Would you [singing] have mansions [music] of gold in the sky and a thin shack [music] way out in the back? Would you have wings [music and singing] up in heaven to fly and starve [music] here with rags on your back? There is power. [music] There is power in a band of working [music and singing] men. That's a power. That's [music and singing] a power that must rule in every [music] land. [singing] [music] If you had enough [music] of the blood of the lamb, [singing] then join the grand industrial band. [music] If you'd rather feast [singing] off your own land, [music] then come do your share like a man. [music] There's power. >> There's power in [music] [singing] those working. There's power. There's power [music and singing] that across the land. [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] >> [music] [music] >> Come all you workers from every land. Then join the grand inspir [music] [music] [music and singing] of working man. There is power. >> There is power. >> There is power [music and singing] >> that will rule >> in every land. >> There is power. >> There's this power that will rule >> in every land. Welcome everyone to another episode of Escaping the Cave with Dr. Gerrio. We have a very special guest here today. Uh my good friend Wrathbone, one of my favorite content creators. Uh if you're watching this program, you probably have seen many of his of his videos because he's one of the most popular leftist creators, especially when it comes to issues surrounding Palestine. Comrade Wthbone, how you doing, brother? >> I'm doing good. Comrade Carlos, what's up? Nice to see you. Thank you for having me. >> Yeah. Yeah. About time. I've been u meaning to to have you on the program for a while. I know you got to speak to Eddie on our channel about a year and a half ago. So, it's good to to finally uh uh be speaking with you. I want to start by asking a little bit about your background. How did you how did you come to like Marxism, communism, and uh specifically the the issue of Palestine? >> It's a great question. Um, you know, I wasn't politically inclined really. I mean, I going into college, I did like briefly uh sign up for a political science major, but I went another direction and I really became uh interested in music. And uh I like to say that we're all sort of born with these innate moral principles that I think are uh analogous and fit in with communism as an ideology. So I always was anti- capitalist uh from a even before I could articulate these concepts, I just was always uh felt the whole system wasn't really for me. I I didn't find the same things that my family members found, you know, as their purpose. And uh I just always felt at odds with this capitalist system. So, it wasn't until much later as I grew older and became more aware of the class struggle and u the class war that uh and feeling I think I think of feeling the personal effects you know uh that I began to sort of search out answers and I was a liberal for you know I mean most of my life really I mean it wasn't really until COVID happened that I you know, the when the whole shutdown happened that I think a lot of us in the United States started and elsewhere in the world uh started to look and you know had a lot more time to go online and look up Gnome Chsky videos and stuff like this and sort of delve into um you know what what the issues of our society are and uh have been and so I just you know I started reading and I think It's one of those things that once you start hearing the truth, it's once you you only need to hear the truth once. You can't unsee it, you know. And once it clicks for you, it clicked for me. And I was like I just became real like outraged, you know, uh because I I realized that they have no legitimacy. You know, you you spend so much time on this earth thinking, well, there must be some reason for all this. I'm sure there's a legitimate reason for the way things are and it's probably outside of my grasp. I'm I'm just one person. How could I, you know, uh, criticize the system for what it is? But, you know, I think Marxism allowed me that capacity to, you know, u be sort of a political activist against um, the the system for lack of a better word. So I think I spent a lot the majority of my time in COVID learning uh leftist politics and identifying with it and and uh and then you know I was a musician like I said for most of my life I've been making music. So I was really uh inspired by politics and inspired by Marxism and inspired by leftist intellectual thinkers. So, I I started to take their language and put it into my songs. And then and then just so happened that, you know, I got banned on TikTok for my music of all things. Uh >> Oh, really? >> Yeah. I I made a like sort of an anti-American music video u sort of calling out the terror state and I was uh banned from Tik Tok. This was before my even my page had blown up really. So, I started a new one. And the second time I started a Tik Tok page, I was like, I'll just do what the Tik Tok algorithm wants me to do, which is, you know, put the uh camera up to my face and talk, you know, like, >> and I just started making uh, you know, videos about things that I've found that resonated with me and I wanted to share them. And uh, to my surprise, like that was the first time I had anything that I'd ever really done that like had more mass appeal. So I just kept doing that and I, you know, made sketches and um just calling out imperialism, you know, and I was certainly aware of uh the Israeli occupation even before October 7th and uh would talk about it every now and then like sort of you know not like as a focal point. and I would just sort of reference it. And then once October 7th happened, I really did a deep dive and I and I got, you know, my Norman Finkelstein book and uh and I just went on from there. I started reading uh, you know, all the books that I could about Palestine. And I would I mean just I I say this a lot to my audience that the first three pages of Norman Finkelstein's Gaza book contain more information uh and factual evidence to frame this geopolitical conflict than anything I was hearing from mainstream media of course. So I just I I really I really realized I felt it that like you know Israel really has no right to do anything that it's doing. There's no two sides to this. It there's, you know, many complex geopolitical events in the world, but this is not one of them. And I wanted to, you know, combat this uh this propaganda that we were being fed that we should condemn a certain age group. And I felt like that was a trap. So, I just I wanted to really use blunt language like it was portrayed to me, you know, and I wanted to uh put to bed, you know, any of that any of those propaganda talking points so that it would get into people's minds. So, that's, you know, how it kind of happened for me. But it wasn't, you know, I I I tell my audience that the fact that I'm here now talking politics and I have a platform where I'm talking politics should be an indicator to most people that like that listen to me that time the times are really quite uh you know extreme because for me to to take on a political uh uh persona uh is not something that came naturally to me. I I I just wanted to make music, make art, and you know, I I just felt like politics was too divisive. But that was my liberal ways, you know, before I realized that everything is political. You can't just uh stick your head in the sand, say it doesn't apply to you because that's still making a decision. There's, you know, there's no there's no way to be aolitical in this world, obviously. So, um, you know, I came to it by degree, I guess, is what I'm trying to say. Friends, we live under a dictatorship of capital still, which means that in order to keep up the work that we're doing, we need financial contributions. There's many different ways in which you can help us financially. You can become a Patreon at patreon.com/midwesternarks. You can buy some of our books, which you can find at midwestermarks.com/books. [music] You can sign up for my classes and the other classes we offer with our Marxism school which you can see at the Midwester marks [music] selfie page. You can also support my work personally as a writer and [music] everything else that I do through Substack at my Substack page which is philosophy in [music] crisis. In addition, if you want to support the American Communist Party financially, [music] you can also donate to the party at ACP. If you want to subscribe to the party's journal, which I am the chief editor of, you can do so at redamea.acp. us. And if you can't support us financially at all, at least help us get our message out there. Share this program on your social media. Share it with your friends and family and co-workers [music] and get it out as far and wide as possible. We thank you, dear. >> No. And the way that you make your content is so brilliant cuz you do the these like skits. Uh I don't know if it's skit or bit. I get skit and bit confused sometimes. >> I got corrected by an actor friend. They were like, "It's not skit. It's a sketch." I'm like, "Okay, here we go. >> Call them sketches." Jesus. >> They're the guys that know are like super um Stalinist in in the way that bourgeoa ideologues understand Stalinism. like super anal about either it's skit or bit or this or that. They've been corrected a few times as well, but they're they're absolutely brilliant because they're so funny. Um they're super attuned with like the new form that education has to take cuz unfortunately, you know, I love writing. I love reading. Most people are not doing that. um people are with their phone, they're scrolling and you need to capture their attention quick and um the the work that you do and and doing that the forms that you have developed or apps there's like a whole there's a whole like way of doing videos the conversational one that you do I don't think anyone was doing that in in like politics wise at least not on the left I think you invented that whole style of of of doing videos And uh it was it was absolutely brilliant. I know there's a lot of other people that you know imitate it now, but it's interesting that you mentioned that your account got banned um very early on when when it was just music. Do you know if that was before or after um Oracle took over? >> I really don't. I it was in uh probably 2020, like the beginning of COVID that it that it got banned. 2021 maybe. Uh, and then, uh, you know, I've been banned three times now, and I'm about to be banned for a fourth time because [laughter] because I I just don't care at this point. I've lost my complete following. I had, you know, over half a million followers on my on my second page, the one I did that wasn't musical. >> And they they deleted that. And then I I created another one. I got that one up to like a hundred something thousand followers. Then they banned that one. the same week that Erica Mandel was announced as the censorship zar of Tik Tok, >> who's an, you know, we know that she's an ex IDF soldier. We know why she was put in there. It was it was almost like uh you know, >> too much of a coincidence, if you will, that that happened. But, >> uh I still haven't learned my lesson. I'm still like, uh sharing, you know, uh videos that are, I guess, controversial because they get taken down immediately. So, I I've really moved away from Tik Tok. It's funny that you say like, you know nobody reads or writes books or like it's a you know, it's a different world now, but I really want to I want to start writing like that. Yeah. The things that you do, like I I I admire that. The fact that you can be a published author, that's so cool. I would I would love for people to read more and I think it's important because uh you know the Tik Tokification I don't know if that's a good way to put it of of people's thinking where like the attention span is just horrible and they can't sit there and and concentrate on reading something concentrate on one thing for 15 20 minute minutes even is not good you know cuz to participate in the systematic thinking it takes to understand the world we live in to understand how to challenge yet. You can't do that in in just three minutes. You know, you got to sit there and really think deeply about these things. >> And um if you have made a population that has the attention span of like a squirrel, that's that's not good. It's not good for us. So I do think yeah we we need to be realist in the sense of knowing where does it people are at and how to pull them in but we have to try to shovel them into becoming kind of better human beings reading more and becoming more educated. I know that one of the expressions that Jay used to use was that part of what socialism tries to do is is make us fully human. And um I I think >> we don't even have to wait until socialism gets here. If um if you're trying to build the communist movement, if you're trying to advance the class struggle, that's part of what you're trying to do as well. Develop uh in in the very person of the people that embody your movement, the sort of society uh that that you're trying to construct. Yeah, >> I found it very interesting that you mentioned that um Marxism really helped you kind of make make sense of things and and why things were the way the way that they are. And I think that's >> the illuminating power of Marxism. >> And that's that's a drive that here I I I agree with Aristotle. He starts one of his books is metaphysics by saying all men by nature desire to know. And I think that most people if they had the opportunity to understand what the [ __ ] is going on around them, they would choose 10 times out of 10, you know, to to understand it than to just go in blindly. Uh, and I think that's the power that Marxism provides. You know, for a lot of us, we have this discussed uh as as you mentioned, almost instinctual with how things are in capitalism. I grew up in uh Miami. I was very close to the beach and uh if we went on a weekend with my parents, I'd see the streets filled with homeless people. Now, I wouldn't get it cuz >> if we'd wait till nighttime, we look at the buildings and you could tell that most of the rooms are empty. >> Like, what's going on there? Why are there homeless people in the streets? >> Yeah. >> There's like buildings where they could be at and it's empty. And it hits you at a gut feeling at a very young age. And that power that Marxism has to help you make sense of oh it's because of the system. It's so it's it's so powerful. >> Absolutely. It gives you the framework to understand how to uh oppose you know not you know just imperialism but capitalism. >> Mhm. And um yeah, you know, it's it's simple, you know, and um I like that that there's, you know, the the science behind it, you know, and it's not left up to feels and based analysis about, you know, history. So, um yeah, Marxism has really >> been a gamecher for me just learning about that. Oh, there was a person, you know, 150 years ago that called it, you know, and we just it's it it makes you realize like all this stuff has been discussed ad nauseium with the problems have been completely portray, you know, shared and and articulated and >> the the problems are well the the solutions to these problems are well known. It's just that the power structure does not want to uh you know pursue any of these uh policies because it means an end to their power. So >> yeah and and we're not taught uh this legacy this tradition in school. Of course not. Why would we? It's their institutions and they a very specific social function >> in reproducing the the ruling order. But when you come to encounter that and you know that that there's very long tradition of people fighting against the system of people fighting against systems like this system other forms of class uh class uh divided societies. >> Uh it's so reassuring because you know how scary it is if you're like [ __ ] we're the first people that have to do something about this and figure out what's going on and uh if if it's even possible to change it. you know, if you're if you think you're the first one that's trying to do something, it's pretty tough. It's like, well, why hasn't anyone done it in the past? But once you realize there's a legacy, there's a history to this and we are, you know, not to be cliche, but like quite literally standing on the shoulders of giants. And >> absolutely, >> there's a whole past that we cannot let die in vain that we have to redeem through our fights today. You know, it adds this deeper dimension of possibility and duty to the to the work that that we're doing currently >> and reading the literature of global south writers >> and studying their movements I think and being and and helping amplify those voices I think is something that I've taken to heart you know as a western uh you know white man you know I I feel like that's sort of my purpose is to explain third world revolutionary ideology and social movements to brain rotten western uh white males basically. [laughter] >> But I thought but I thought Marxism was euroentric. That's what they the postmodernists tell us in the academy. It's like Marxism is you know just for like white dudes in in Europe. Well, tell that to China, you know, tell that to Vietnam and and you know, the the entire global south virtually. Uh yeah, one of the books that I read that uh I'm sure you've read too uh that really brought it home for me was Walter Rodney's uh How Europe Underdeveloped Africa. He's one of my I I read his book on the Russian Revolution, too. And um I like that it was uh the it was Walter Rodney's book was called The Russian Revolution from an African perspective. And uh he's I I just I love Marxist writers. I just identify with their narrative and their conception of the world. And uh it always comports with other things that I've learned. So, uh, I try to cite a lot of their work and I try to read as much as I can, uh, from from those types of writers and put that into my own content, you know. >> Yeah. And it it's, um, it's so important to know the history because I mean, you're thrown into this world. You don't get to pick uh Yeah. where you're born. You're just you're literally just tossed in. Right. >> Right. Um, and you have to cope with um with where you're thrown. >> That's such a great point and I I really try to say that to my audience is like you can't explain away these things. You were given consciousness at a certain point in time and a certain point of human history. This is the world that we live in. We live in a uni at least we were living in a unipolar moment up until you know recently. I think it's changing obviously to a multip-olar world >> but it's um something that um you can't explain away you can't you know so it's very definite the world looks a very definite way >> and we have to you know objectively articulate >> the material real world as it is and you you know that's what Marxism does for us. Yeah. And it helps us when we look back at the h at the history, it helps us understand why the things that that are here are here. You know, why was the US uh as I heard growing up my whole life the wealthiest and quote unquote best country on earth? Well, it was uh built on on the backs of a lot of exploitation, a lot of looting of the global south. Same thing with with Europe. And that puts into context, I think very easily the superiority of socialism >> because you take whether it's the Bolevik revolution, who did they colonize? >> It was the state that was premised on telling slaves, break out of your chains right? >> This is such a great point because people that want to throw shade at the Bolevik revolution are basically uh Tsarists. They they're >> they want they they they're basically promoting a narrative that suggests that life was better for Russian peasants under Thesar, which is ridiculous, you know. Um yeah, that it you're you're absolutely right. Um I don't know. I mean, you know, it's it's something that we've uh we I'm still trying to grapple with how best to articulate. I I think also this is one point I wanted to make to you and see what you think about this is it's the reason that I'm you know when people are like oh so you're a communist or a socialist it's like let's just throw away those terms for a second I'm a workingclass member of society I am perceiving my own exploitation you know and I and I and I identify the fact that our class is being exploited okay um you can make and to then throw shade about something that happened hundreds of years ago with some other socialist revolution and you want to make a historical interpretation of that that's something separate you know I mean I'm a I'm a communist and a socialist because of my own livelihood because of my own uh you know my own position in the economy so that's a that's something that's very you know I'm personally affected by it has nothing to do with what happened in the 1930s or in Ukraine or something. The fact that there was a famine in Ukraine like that's just completely irrelevant. We can go into why that happened and you know and make a whole historical argument but that's I think that that's something separate. Does that make sense to you? Yeah, it makes it it's it's such a good point and it's a shame because it wasn't always like this, but they it used to be the case that when people spoke about communism as a as a as a part of the political spectrum within capitalist states, it was already automatically assumed, oh, that's like the political alignment of workingclass people. to speak about communism or a communist party is to speak about the party of the working class whereas the other parties were the party of the bosses you know uh if the boss was a little bit more conservative uh in trade policy or whatever he was in one party uh in the modern age and gender whatever he's in one party or if not in the other but it was always already assumed that if you're a working-class member of society uh this party is your type of party this is your party Um and yeah, I I I I do find it um very important to highlight that this tradition when it comes to grab state power, it does the same thing it tries to do when it's not in state power, which is fight for gains for the working class, it does the same thing. and and the only states that have been able to construct a world that lifts hundreds of millions of people out of poverty that gives them dignity, literacy. Literacy is so important that in the middle of the Cuban revolution when they're in like forests, what's Chay doing? He's like teaching people how to read. >> What is I mean, people really need to try to visualize this for themselves. Like you're in a jungle. You're in a jungle in the late 1950s. You're carrying out guerrilla warfare and there's this guy telling you, "You have to learn how to read." [laughter] >> That's how important it is. And that's what the the the communist uh totalitarianism that the liberals talk about is all about. We want people to read. >> Yeah. so that they can know the truth and not be hoodwinkedked by these capitalist uh magicians that that try to get their attention and divert it to other areas. >> And I I think it's also something also that I stress >> is my identity as a communist stems from my economic position. It's not about cultural social issues. Like >> you can have all the so-called leftist positions of social and cultural issues that you want, but if you advocate for capitalism, you're not a leftist. >> You know, the left begins at opposing the the present economic system. And I think that's something that I try to stress to people is that my my political identity has to do with the economy first and foremost. And uh you know to your point about socialism and hearing from people that criticize us that you know they always say socialism doesn't work and you we hear it time and time again but it's like we're living in a world where the biggest economy fastest growing economy the one that's actually manufacturing most of the goods that we use in the world uh is is is operated by the Communist Party of China. It's a socialist state and uh so it's like cry harder, you know? It's like we're not in we're not that that that that rhetoric that talking point doesn't work anymore. It never really worked, but it really just does not work at this point. I I you know, I think that's >> Yeah, it's become way too evident. Uh >> and so and so when you say when you say, "Well, look at China. China's doing that. They're the Communist Party. It's a socialist state." They say, "Well, that's actually capitalism." And I'm like, "Okay, well, whatever you want to call it. Can we try some of that?" Because they seem to be doing fine. >> We can't do it because it's communism. >> That's why. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. Wait. I thought, you know, you're saying, "No, now it's capitalism." Okay. Well, let's do No, no, no. We can't do that because it's No, but you just said it's capitalism. >> Yeah. >> It's They never can square that circle. >> And that that's so interesting. I I have this uh I I don't know if I'd call it theory, but this idea that like uh deep down most Americans are communists. They just don't know it yet. And it's kind of like uh the old Roadrunner cartoons where the Roadrunner or no, the the wolf, the coyote runs off the cliff but doesn't fall until they notice that there's nothing under them. It's kind of the same deal with Americans. like spontaneously they're like, "Yeah, we should have a government that's of by for the people." Well, guys, you can't have that if capital's in command. That's that's really all that socialism in essence is. And uh they're scared of this word. But at some point, they're going to have to face the brutal fact like the coyote does in the [ __ ] cartoons that they look down and they're like, "Fuck, there's nothing under me. I'm gonna fall." >> That what you believe in already is communism, >> right? And I'm sure that there were uh you know promot pro- capitalists in feudal societies in the 16 or 1700s and they were laughed at too you know >> um but it's yeah it's a it's an interesting point there and >> you know I think another point is that another thing is like we're just being objective about the progression of historical developments. It's not like we're anti- capitalist. I mean, yes, we are biased against capitalism, but we also acknowledge science and the fact that every system is born, it evolves, and it dies. And we're just at that late stage of capitalism where it's it's dying. And there's going to be a new system that supplants it much like, you know, history shows us that how this happens over time. So, we're not like uh we're not in our feelings about this. We're just recognizing that capitalism is becoming outmoded. And we also acknowledge that capitalism was a revolutionary force when it took center stage and overthrew feudalism. And I think that was a necessary progression. I mean, it's like, thank you capitalists in the 17 and 1800s for, you know, abolishing feudalism. That was a a step forward. But we're not at that point now, you know, and does that make sense? I mean, I feel like that's >> total sense. That's like it's so basic to Marxism and it only feels almost foreign because what's been considered to be Marxism in the US has been so systematically distorted. There's so many programs that have been erected since the end of the Second World War in order to intentionally dilute Marxism to promote forms of anti-Marxism and anti-communism as if they were Marxism par excellence. And these are the guys with the power, with the money. They set up these institutions and they become very popular and that's what people go to. And you show up to the academy or or you show show up to any NGO or something like that and it sounds radical. You're reading people who might call themselves Marxists. Uh but then these very basic insights about Marxism and the understanding of how history is progressing, you won't find that. You know, you'll maybe find people that emphasize more cultural issues instead of economic ones. And uh you know I there's this interesting phenomenon in in the US left where even the people that say you know we're we're we're a class uh we should focus on class struggle and like uh these these other issues not that they're not important but they're just not the principal contradiction to put it in mouse terms. and they they'll say that and then in their actions as soon as they find a conservative uh worker or a communist that has more conservative ideas on these other areas, it's like no, you're you're you're this, you're that, you're red brown, you're fascist, you're and it's insane for for two reasons. one, almost every single communist state in existence right now, uh, except for maybe Cuba, has been in terms of social issues, perhaps even more conservative than the Republicans. >> Uh, >> the second reason, which I >> I I just um I kind of rediscovered rereading David Greyber's book on debt, the last 5,000 years of debt, which is an amazing book, guys. He's an anarchist, but it's a wonderful book. It's pretty good distillation of Michael Hudson's work as well. >> But he makes a point there that's so interesting. For most of the history of civilization, when debauchery and and degeneracy came uh to the metropolis, so the center of of civilizations, uh people would flee because they would they were so they'd become under so much debt that they would leave the center and just be in these pastorial um peripheries. And they would connect the political corruption, the economic disorder and exploitation, but also the more liberal from our current understanding of liberal social morality uh forms of debauchery with the uh the ruling order that they escaped from. And so a lot of the conservative values uh would actually stem not from the center but from the outskirts of people who were fighting against the center. >> That's not to say you have to have conservative values to be a revolutionary or something like that. But if you say if you don't have these values, you can't participate in this struggle. you're telling the last 5,000 years of struggles against ruling uh class-based systems, you're not legitimate because you didn't have the cultural values of the center that you were fighting against. >> Right. It's a great point. Um and you know, I I think of it, you know, base superructure. It's like you're talking about cultural issues. that's u sort of ancillary to >> the economic position and uh I think it sort of is in line with what I was saying earlier is that like cultural issues social issues don't necessarily like how you feel about certain you know cultural social issues does not uh change in in a Marxist sense of of of our position in the economy I you know does that make sense I don't know but >> yeah yeah it Uh, I mean it it should make a hell of a lot more sense than uh the alternatives that that we're often fed. >> But they they always want to uh distract and mystify people. Uh, and I say they being like anti-communist. They they want to >> u not get you they they they love sucking out the class content. >> Yeah. you know, of of Marxism, of socialism, the the the real workingclass grievances which, you know, really existed, you know, this this was not just some fabrication because all communists are Jews or some something like, you know, some cultural uh distraction that would they want to make it about. But I I I don't like that. I think that's a that's a straw man obviously. I mean, they're just basically saying, you know, all this all these centuries of class struggle are are there's nothing really to it. It's it's really just cultural stuff that's happening. And uh I try to fight back on that. But >> yeah, I I think it's so important like people there's this clip. I think the first video I ever did when I started making videos like a little bit under a year ago, it was Elon Musk saying, "I don't like unions because it creates this like uh Lord Surf dynamic." It's like [ __ ] it doesn't create it. That dynamic is always there. Like they pretend as if Marxists project onto society a war, but no, the war is already there. You're thrown into a into a world where a war is already happening. You're on the side and you could be stupid and try to fight on the side of your enemy or you could be smart and fight on the side that you're actually at. >> Great point. I mean, the the the tables have already been flipped. You know, we're living in a world of political violence. The the the the people that are in charge of the institutions that govern public life are they have a monopoly on violence. So, there's no even none of this is happening in a vacuum. You know, we're all reacting against it. Um so yeah, it's a it's a it's a really important point that I try to emphasize is that the world is not we're not, you know, saying these things in a vacuum. So >> I want to I want to switch course to talk a little bit about Palestine, which it's it's part of uh this larger system that we have been of course uh talking about this whole time. Um, it's interesting that one of the uh the the go-to point that Zionists bring up when you criticize uh the Zionist entity, the illegitimate state of Israel and the genocide they're carrying out against the Palestinian people, let alone the ethnic cleansing of the last 77 or so years, uh, is that you're an anti-semite, which is interesting because they're the ones ethnically cleansing people. uh that always somehow escapes escapes uh the discussion. But uh how do you deal with that? Cuz you get that, you know, as you get those accusations as as as much as anyone that I can imagine. >> Uh I I think a lot of people are, you know, I think a lot of people are being called anti-semmites and uh you know, Miss Rachel's being called an she was up for anti-semite of the year. I mean, it's it's >> Which, by the way, what a shame you weren't there. I think you should have been there. We were talking before. I could have swore you were there. I just automatically assumed like you deserve to be >> in the what do you call it? Antiseptic uh >> antiseptic of the year. Yeah. Thanks, buddy. I I appreciate that. You know, I'm I was bummed that I didn't make uh the cut this year or last year, but I'm hoping >> there's always there's always this year. Yeah. Or next year. Um, what were we talking about? Oh, yeah. The anti-semitism. >> Yeah. It's just it's such a silly thing at this point. I I I welcome the label at this at this point because it doesn't really mean anything. It's like >> Yeah. >> It's one of those words that's just been so overused and disabused. There's I don't really believe my own personal feelings that we don't live in an anti-semitic world. I think that's manufactured. I think if if if we want to characterize the world as being against any sort of religion, I think it would be, you know, Islamop. It's an Islamophobic world. >> At least, you know, you know, in the West, we've made that an ideology that's prevalent. >> Um, >> so I I just I don't get bothered by the the it's becoming a running a joke in my streams about anti-epticism and everything's anti-semitic. I mean, it's u it doesn't mean anything anymore. So, um, and I I wonder if maybe it ever did. Did maybe I don't know. Maybe maybe thousands of years ago or hundreds of years ago, maybe that was a a real problem. But I I I just I don't see it. I don't fall for it. >> Well, it's um where where I think it always it um where I think it has been primarily a problem in has always been Europe, >> not uh the Middle East. In the Middle East, well, we call it the Middle East, West Asia. In West Asia, there was a multiplicity of different religions that existed peacefully with one another. Um, I got to speak with Rabbi, Rabbi Weiss last year, very famous anti-ionist rabbi, [clears throat] >> and um, he told me quite clearly that he thinks that the biggest like real force for like any real sense of anti-semitism, not in a structural sense, in a structural sense it doesn't [ __ ] exist. I can completely agree with um >> with Norman Finkelstein. That's like you take any major profession, are there discriminations against Jews? No. On the contrary, sometimes there's there's aids that that you get uh if if you're Jewish. But in the sense of just like prejudices that that people might have, uh the biggest force of anti-semitism is Israel. It's the [ __ ] state of Israel. >> Thank you. >> You put the Star of David on on genocide. What the [ __ ] else you think about? >> Exactly. It's like it's kind of on you. I mean, you're going to have to parse this out then. You know, you've made a a a state that you claim is the one and only Jewish state. You've made it synonymous with the Jewish people. You, you know, like you said, you made the flag the Star of David. Every everything it's a theocracy. I mean, it's everything you do is you have an ideological justification for centered on your interpretation of Judaism. So, it's kind of on you that uh that there's this somehow people are now equating the mass slaughter of children with Jewish people. So, you know, that's not that's not a coincidence. That's just, you know, the I mean, think about I think about every Middle Eastern uh Iranian or a Palestinian, you know, every Jewish person they've ever met has wanted to, you know, unal alive them. So, I mean, it's like you can't really it you can't fault. It's another uh example of finding fault in the opposition to aggression rather than finding the laying the critique and and the criticism at the actual act of aggression first and foremost and and really just only um because that's that's what the situation calls for. But yeah, I sorry I I lost I lost my train of thought there, but How does um I want to ask you about this because there's a lot of people that talk about Palestine. It's it's become extremely popular in the last two years, which is very good. The more people that know about the history of the Zionist entity, uh the better. Um I'd like to ask later on if if you think there's a form of like liberal Zionism that's developing within parts of the prop palestine movement. I've also seen it categorized as like the watermelon prop palestine and not the red triangle prop palestine split. But I I I want to ask like how does how does Marxism as someone who actually like reads and and is constantly educating themselves which is very unique for a content creator. A lot of them are just uh Chad GPT uh university folks. [laughter] As someone who actually reads, how does uh Marxism inform how you see this uh this genocide play out because it's part of this larger system of imperialism? >> Certainly. Absolutely. Yeah. >> People would like to separate it from other uh conflicts um or issues around the world. >> Yeah. I think reading ma's on contradictions is some it's something that I keep going back to like three months or six months will go by I was like I have to read that again because I just it really um puts it into perspective for me it helps me interpret what's going on how to think about the world you know and everything in it and uh you go back to the principal contradiction you know it's I I I see it and you can tell me if I'm wrong or not but I see the the principal contradiction in global in the global system is >> imperial capitalism versus indigenous nationalism which other might which otherwise might be called socialism. That's all I think of it really is you know a group of people that are living in their country or their territory of origin and they're trying to appropriate the resources land and labor for their people. U and that's considered you know tyranny according to the United States. But I I you know, so in in the case of Palestine, I just see it as another um u front in the in the war against imperialism. And uh so I guess that's you know, you asked me about how Marxism ties in with Palestine and Israel. And I, you know, I think it it goes back to that principal contradiction that we're fighting against uh one savage superpower that is uh you know, plundering the world and Palestine is the laboratory to uh innovate that new ways to imperialize u the global population. But they're they're at the front lines. You know, I feel like the Gaza is is the front line of imperialism. I couldn't agree more. And uh I >> it's um it's a simple answer, but it's completely correct. Like it's part of the imperialist system. >> Yeah. >> And that's why um >> even if it's not going to happen, but even if like it just completely ended there, if the system is still around, there will be a new Gaza tomorrow. And uh that that's one of the things that I think uh is is very special about the pro Palestine commentary that you make because it's rooted in Marxism. It [clears throat] has this awareness of the larger system because there's a lot of people that just want to talk about this issue as if it was disconnected from this larger system. And then >> there's, you know, we can't be surprised when they turn around and say some, excuse my French, some [ __ ] [ __ ] >> about [clears throat] Syria or about Iran. Yeah. >> Or about Russia or or something. It's like, well, you don't understand the system, and that's why you were right in this area, but you had there's this distinction that the Greek philosophers make between a good opinion or right opinion versus knowledge. You had a right opinion about this, but you didn't really have knowledge because you didn't understand it through the framework of the system that produced it. >> That's a great point. Um yeah, they they see that like different countries, different uh geopolitical situations being untethered and isolated when it's really, you know, a a part of that same contradiction that we were just talking about. And uh I I I don't know. I that's something that I try to, you know, because I get people in my audience that are pro Palestine, but then they're like pro- Ukraine, they're like anti-Russia, they're like anti-Putin. It's like it's the same story. It's it's US imperialism. It's US intervention happening in Eastern Europe and in the Middle East. It's it's it's the exact same thing. It Yeah, the the names and the players, you know, are different. Uh well, I mean, in the ca I mean the case it's still the United States, but it's there's >> proxies, you know, the empire has proxies >> and uh that's how we should understand it. And you know, the United States is the greatest uh superpower and uh it's largely to blame for all of the fires that are happening in the world today. It's like this was caused by the United States. It's you have one, you know, godfather that's reigning over the world and it's shaping the world. That's why I got accused of being an anti-American in my chat last night because I never have a nice thing to say about America [laughter] is what I was told. And I'm like, who's America? America for who? What what do you mean by America? We use these euphemisms, but you know, I'm I'm c this, you know, my streams are talking about geopolitics. It's talking about US foreign policy. It's talking about the class war. So I'm calling out the actions of my government which which is cor uh corporate captured you know and and they don't represent you know not only Americans u but they don't they're not uh certainly not representative of Americans they're they're you know uh not representing any anyone else except for you know five corporations in a trench coat. So when we talk about America, we're talking about that. I'm not talking about American people or baseball games or hot dogs or, you know, I have a lot of reverence for uh the American people and I and u you know, our culture, you know, but that has nothing to do with my critique on US imperialism. >> So I try to separate that. But um yeah, >> that's that's so important. I um the that way of thinking where uh I mean you mentioned so many people especially in the watermelon pro Palestine side they're pro- Ukraine because they see it as like big country attack small country >> that is bad >> and that that's that's how like uh the ruling order that's how bourgeoa society wants people to think they want them to take characteristics abstract them away from the larger context and system in which they exist in and think of them as these dead entities. And our job is always to promote the opposite of that abstract thinking to promote the thinking that is concrete that sees how everything is >> mutually determined and interrelated and rooted in systems >> because materially you know you could also throw it back at them and say yeah it is big country attack small country the big country here is the United States attacking you know and intervening in Russia's uh domain and and uh you know if we go by e economic size. You know, Russia's not even a top 10 world econ I mean, maybe it's in the top 10 world economy, but it's behind the United States. >> Mhm. >> Uh, you know, largely, I mean, you know, just the state of Texas alone is is a larger economy. And as we know, if you want to be an imperial power, you have to be this tall to ride the ride. You have to have a big enough economy to export capital and uh you have to have a monopoly on industries, you know, and there's only one power that that's capable of doing that. So, it's it's all the same. It's all the same conflict. >> Yeah, it's that that's ab it's the same conflict taking many different forms. Whether it's us struggling against debt here at home or whether it's the Palestinians Yeah. >> throwing rocks at these [ __ ] Zionist scum. Um, and that that's you make a really good point, your previous point about America, the two Americas in many ways, which is what MLK called it, you know, >> the America of milk and honey of of the white elite versus the other America, [clears throat] >> the deeper America. And >> one of the things that, uh, as the Midwestern Marks Institute, we we got so much [ __ ] for from the beginning, even before we like allied explicitly with like infrared and Jackson and stuff, but M >> it was the patriotism question cuz for us it was obvious like we're communists. We love the American people and communism here is going to look like communism in America. It's not we can't [ __ ] export >> Chinese communism onto America. And >> there's like a patriotism of the people >> socialist or or workingclass patriotism. And then there's like what Michael Pari calls the super patriotism of the elite which is antipatriotic in essence because it's patriotism to capital >> which knows no country no borders no traditions >> that it doesn't want to exploit and just >> you know melt into melt into air as Mark says in the manifesto marks and angle. So >> uh how do you um have you gotten any flak for that? Have you touched on those on those points uh about like uh the difference between being patriotic to like the people versus this degenerate state? >> Yeah. I mean, like I said, people think that because I'm so critical of American foreign policy that I'm I must be non-patriotic. You know, it's it goes back to, you know, as a kid, I would I would always hear support our troops. You know, it's like if you don't, it's not about supporting troops. It's about supporting American policies. And I don't support >> US intervention for on the behalf of oil barons. You know, it's like I I do support the troops because I don't want them to go to war for some fake >> uh for well for some real >> uh motives by uh you know, engineered by the capitalist class. It's and I think you know I I think that's a pretty principled position and I I like you say you know you you can't just uh express these things in five seconds. You have to really contextualize things for people >> and I think that's why I've sort of switched to doing long form uh live streams >> because I can talk and I can sit somebody down and I can contextualize things because you're right it it doesn't it it defies concision. It's it's we have to we need some time to explain things you know but um uh I forgot the uh we were talking about there was one other point I wanted to make but I forgot it now [laughter] >> about the patriotism or um >> well uh yeah I think it was yeah I mean I I don't know I mean what what do you think about being I do you get called an anti-American because you're a Marxist and because you're, you know, a communist. Is that is that anti-American? >> Because so much of our audience is like leftist. >> Uh nine times out of 10 I get called like um uh either an imperialist or a fascist or or something >> because I I don't want to say, well, socialism means you're burning America down. >> Right. Right. Um, >> and that's the thing is like they've they've done a hell of a job, the ruling class has done a hell of a job of equating a for-profit privatized capitalist economy with American values. And they they've co-opted the American working class and American traditions and the culture of America with this very exploitative economic system. And we're trying to say that capitalism is none of those things, you know. >> Yeah. And this is another really great point that I found from, you know, Mao and Marxists alike that there's only one opposite to something. You you the opposite of a banana is not, you know, a light bulb. You know, there there's always every object contains within it, you know, an or not within it, but you know, contains another object that is its opposite and that's what gives it its identity. So apply that to economic systems. It's no, it's no different. You know the opposite of light is dark. The opposite of positive is negative and the opposite of capitalism is socialism. So we are understanding that capitalism is a definite thing. It's a privatized economy. It's a for-profit system and it's the privatization of public resources concurrent with the exploitation of the working class that that it's based on an irreconcilable class contradiction uh between workers and owners. And as long as that class antagonism persists, there will always be misery, poverty, >> and violence. And that is what capitalism requires. You know, it's not a bug, you know, like how they say in the meme, it's not a bug in the system. It's a core feature is exploitation. So, I think what I try to do is because I I get a lot of comments that >> do this sort of brain rot take where they equate >> the economic system with all these other cultural symbols. And I try to, you know, okay, let's go back. You use that word capitalism. I don't think it does not mean what you think it means. You know, this is what it is. Let's define the words, please. My god, for the love of God, stop gaslighting us. Let's define these terms and let's understand that capitalism is a definite thing. It has one, it can only have one opposite. And that's why capitalists are so fearful of socialists because that's the one thing that can competently contradict them. So, it's it's no secret, you know, and um you know, we're just saying we live in a class-based society. We are the exploited class. Let's just recognize that. It's not like an an a a um it's not an um indictment against you that you are being exploited. You know, you don't have to take it personally. This is just something that is. and um you know so we're we're acknowledging and defining the antidote to that to that exploitation. So that's you know sort of the gist of the point I'm trying to make. >> Yeah, I I couldn't agree more. As someone who still teaches uh in a university setting, I try to do this. I I start by asking, "Well, guys, what do you think capitalism is?" And the most uh popular answers are like being able to profit from something or uh the having markets. It's like well the out of the last like 5,000 years of civilization every society has had different types of markets >> and uh they've worked differently in the different systems that the markets have functioned. Surprise surprise. Yeah. >> As an institution it ends up obtaining the function of the larger system it's embedded in. So what is it really that makes capitalism capitalism? And I tell him, look, the only thing that you can really pinpoint is when everything is subsumed under the logic of capital accumulation, >> where basically capital is elevated to the status of being a god that you have to kneel down in the altar of whether it's in school, the institution that we're teaching in, uh, is it just here to provide use value for you guys in education? No. It wants your [ __ ] money. That's why you're in debt. That's why when you get out of here, you're going to be $70,000 in debt. Whether it's medicine, right, whether it's just regular production of the basic goods we need for society, everything is for profit. >> Yeah. >> That's that's the the real essence of of the system cuz they want to equate it with uh even property, personal or private property. >> Yeah. Oh my god. It's my Yeah. My favorite one to debunk is there's there's a there's a few of them. It's like they want to say there's like the top five of like what capitalism is. It's like capitalism is consumerism. No. Capitalism is commerce. Nope. Like you say, capitalism is free market. Nope. Capitalism is human nature. Oh, [laughter] >> no. >> What it is? >> Yeah. >> Um, you you you brought up so many great points. I'm I I I had so many things I was wanting to say about it. I'm trying to think on my feet here, but uh you know the you get all these uh propaganda uh points about what capitalism is. They never really are able to define it, are they? >> Mhm. >> Yeah. They don't know what it is. And um it's so I don't even think the like the ideologues of capitalism either understand what it is that makes their system what it is. They always have to operate with this cognitive dissonance with this distance between what they think they're doing, what they think they're supporting, and then what's actually going on. And that's not a mistake in the same way that exploitation is not a mistake or a bug in the system. It's a constitutive component of it. You can't have the system without that which for someone who's not aware of how the system function looks like a mistake and uh it's the sort of thing that appears like an obstacle but if you remove the obstacle you also remove that for which the obstacle presents itself as an obstacle for right it's like remove the exploitation from capitalism then it works well [ __ ] is not capitalism at that point you know >> exactly Yeah. And you brought up a great point about how, you know, for thousands of years, every society has had an economy, every society has had commodities, every society has had a working class, every society has had um a market. You know, in fact, there's been more examples and more history in our human record in in societies that have not had capitalists. There's never, you know, for for most of history, there's never been a there wasn't a capitalist class and, >> you know, we we got on fine. People still, you know, got fed and and lived lives with purpose. So, try again, you know, >> and even in capitalism, there's this very interesting idea um from from from David Gber, who I'd mentioned already >> um called baseline communism. He makes I wonder what you think about this. He makes the argument that you can't have a human society without a baseline of communism because most interactions that we have that are not like economic in in nature. They're governed by a logic of from each according to their ability to each according to their needs. And it's like try to imagine having friends and having that relationship operate under the logic of capital accumulation. You can't try to do it with a family. You can't like >> that in the most basic relations that we have in our life in the most basic moments that we enjoy the most about our life the the way in which we exist in the world and relate to one another is almost already communist. I know that passage that you're referring to. Um, and he also he also said something that stuck with me which is that it's with great irony. He says that uh capitalist firms behave internally communistically in the same >> there's a you know supply chain of workers that are trying to achieve a common goal which is the creation of a commodity >> and it's not like every work if every worker behaved like a capitalist I mean there would be no production of that commodity everybody would just be in it for themselves be very deceptive and manipulative and coercive and >> uh trying to extract a little profit in that supply chain, but that's not how societies function. You know, we're based on collaboration. We're based on cooperation, not necessarily competition. And incidentally, capitalists hate competition. That's why they tend towards monopolies. >> Yeah. >> So, it just it none of it really the the world is just batshit crazy. I mean, everything is just completely upside down. Uh but we're just swallowing it all wholesale. I just it it enrages me that people don't see what what's happening to them in very certain terms. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, that's such a good point. Um, capitalists are good communists, but just amongst themselves. [laughter] >> That's what it is, >> right? Yeah. It's it's socialism for the rich, rugged individual, capitalist, free market for the poor. Uh some people don't like that uh that that framing of uh saying that capitalism is socialism for the rich because >> and I I sort of understand that because it's it's it's not it's not really what socialism is. You know, socialism isn't when government does stuff just because the government does stuff for capitalism. If it subsidizes capitalists, >> that doesn't mean that it's socialism for the rich. But I I I like that they I like that that phrase turns it back onto the pro capitalists, you know, in in the in the in the context of 20th and 21st century uh socialism, you know, like we we take we take socialism or in the context of this century and and this and this current epic. We take socialism to mean when the government intervenes and helps out the poor, you know, helps out the majority. And uh that's you know we know socialism is the worker is worker a worker controlled and workerowned and operated economy. But um yeah I like how that sort of flips it back onto the capitalists and sort of exposes their hypocrisy because the the capitalists let's be frank they love when the government does stuff. They they require uh bailouts and intervention on on their behalf to keep them solvent. >> They're the true welfare queens. >> Exactly. And I love when Elon Musk cries about poor immigrants receiving welfare because like he he is an immigrants receiving welfare, you know, >> billions and billions and billions. >> The perhaps the only welfare queen in in the in the United States. >> I used to I used to like the the expression when I first started getting politically active with Bernie in like 2015 16. >> Um and then I read a little bit of Marxism and I was like I don't like this anymore. This is not the right way to use socialism. And then I kept going. I'm like, you know what? I like this. I like how it forces people to think in new ways and breaks out of uh the box. So, I'm back to to liking the expression. You know, it what we have right now is like socialism for the rich. >> Yeah. Yeah. You come full circle. You're back. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> That's that's the dialectical process. You have the moment of immediacy that you accept something, it's clear, then it begins to collapse and turn into its other and then you stick with its other a little bit more. And you're like, well, its other was itself the whole time. And then you come back to yourself, except with this moment of mediation that's much richer than what it was at the beginning. >> So philosophical. I love it. [laughter] >> Um, >> that's why we get paid the big bucks, which is like 600 bucks a month for a class as an adjunct, which those are the big books. >> Yeah. I didn't realize you taught at a at a like I mean I know Midwestern Marks University you know I I didn't that's more of an online seminars style. >> Yeah we we do classes um I'm for instance I'm I'm teaching a seminar now but um I also teach in a university uh setting >> uh as an adjunct professor but my main my main job is the party. >> Yeah. >> My main source of income and and my full-time job my full-time employment. >> Yeah. um your uh point about uh I'm blanking again. I'm sorry. Uh but did you say the party is in the the American Communist Party? ACP. >> Yeah. Yeah. The ACP. >> Okay. >> How's that how is that going? Can we can we talk about the ACP and just >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Of course. >> Um it's going it's going really good. I think one of the biggest uh one of the biggest problems we have of course is funding. Every other major organization in the left as wealthy benefactors, it's not to hate on them for the fact of having that. It's just that uh we don't every major event we've had um the the funding for like the event space and and everything else has came from like leadership basically. Mhm. >> Uh and that that's one difficulty that we have with with the party and and with that we've still been able to grow pretty rapidly um on the medias. I I think we're making quite a bit of a splash in various different areas. >> Absolutely. I really like uh Hos's debates. I've watched a few of them. >> He's so good. >> Yeah. No, it's it's uh he's he's absolutely brilliant, I think. Uh >> yeah. And and the other big thing has been from the start we were never given a fair shot to just like be heard. And because it was accusations of being feds, >> of being drifters, of being things that I don't even know what they mean. Like >> I find it so silly, man. Like I can't tell you how many comments I get uh over the over the years like, "Oh, thoughts on the ACP." Uh, and then like people are like weirdly like territorial about it and they're I I just don't understand of all the things to criticize, you know, a fledgling communist party that's trying to, you know, do actual good and change the narrative here in in the United States. Like why? Like I think the people that are attacking the ACP of all things, like you're a Fed. I mean, if if I can't tell the difference between a Fed and your behavior, I mean, whether you're a Fed or not, I mean, it's pretty much materially the the same result. Um, >> they might be worse than feds because they're not getting paid. >> They're not getting paid. What? Where's your paycheck, man? Where are your shekels? >> The 7K. >> Yeah. Where's your 7,000 shekels? Um, I I was reminded of something you said earlier uh because we're talking about how to guide people and uh something from Walter Rodney's book that stuck with me was he said something like in times of capitalist crisis which are sure to come you know because every four to seven years we know there's going to be some and it's becoming more frequent now. It's the job of communists to guide the working class to the class struggle to understand like when the [ __ ] hits the fan, the Marxist Leninists have the dialectic, they have the answer and it's our job to, you know, constantly decode these seemingly isolated phenomena, right? and and we have it's our job to provide synthesis to it all and anal and and a a critical analysis that uh influences people into the right direction to understanding who their class enemies are and why this is happening. Um, and that sort of stuck with me and I it's something that I try to remind myself because I feel like that's what I do on a nightly basis is go through, you know, what's happening and try to inform my audience with that Marxist dialectic that informed me. Yeah, it's uh one of the things we provide is coherence, the ability I mean we've kind of circled back to the beginning, but the ability to make sense of the world and once once you have that you also create the premises for unity and also for direction because uh you know if you provide that coherence for a MAGA worker or a liberal worker um they're going to realize both well it's it's neither Trump nor it's Biden or Kamala or whatever. It's it's a system and that's the foundation for unity. And once you got that unity and that coherence, you know what it is you're fighting against and you know the direction that you have to go towards. So I I think this country needs a communist party. That that really just means a party that seeks to uphold the interests of the working class. And I I don't know what you think about this, but the perspective that that we have at the ACP is that the US is heading towards civil war. Uh the revolution is not something that we're going to [ __ ] do by grabbing guns and like 1776 style [ __ ] No, it's the shit's collapsing all around us. And the opportunity for a radical change is going to come when everything has crumbled to pieces and only the communists present a vision for a united alternative republic. Because what what's the alternative? Like some racialist [ __ ] all these different types of racist groups. We will we will [ __ ] with you if you're uh white uh but you know not if you're brown or black or we'll [ __ ] with you if you're this religion and not that. It's so stupid. Um, the only people who can provide a united vision of a new America that's not a [ __ ] empire that feeds off of the republic, as PNI puts it, it's the communists. And we central for our party is this conception of having to take accountability, having to take responsibility for what's happening around us for you know what comes out of our work and >> and having this flexibility that if you're trying something it doesn't work you change it. >> You don't stick to it just because six months ago you said this is going to work and you ended up being proven wrong. So you just stick to it to not look no I [ __ ] up. We thought one thing we tested it didn't work. So, we'll try again. It's been uh a little bit over a year and a half of the party now. And there's areas that we have tried, experimented, didn't go as we planned, and we switched course. You got to experiment, you know, you got to tinker with the conditions of the society that you were given and and figure it out. And that's what Marxists do. Um, you know, it's I I I actually I think uh the ACP I I I think it was a good it's a good strategy to try to smash the preconceptions that Americans have of communism. Like you can't be uh some proud American and be communist. like you guys are are trying to capture that base that like are very misguided and they you know want to give way to supporting team blue genocide or team red genocide and you are uh you know you're trying to like do what good Marxists do which is try to uh capture those people and and not capture but you know uh educate them and and show them that like you it's not what you think it is you Right. >> And uh so I think uh that's a good strategy to have. You know, we're we're we're you know, I'm reminded by um Chris Smalls uh the guy who started Amazon Labor Union. If he was think he said, you know, if if he was thinking that uh when he was trying to galvanize >> the Amazon workers, if >> if he was only going to speak to the ones that were uh you know, liberal and and not the MAGA crowd, like he would have never started the union. It would have never happened. He didn't speak to uh political biases. He he spoke to economic uh grievances and that's what was able to do it. That's what was able to create the the labor union. So I think that's a a good strategy as that's all. >> Yeah. And um we're not special when it comes to that. It's just that u you know as I mentioned earlier what became the left because of funding and uh direct operations to destroy communism and and what communist movement we had in the US uh what became the left became unrecognizable from what it once uh was. And so now we're just making very basic Marxist points and it's like where is this coming from? Is this fascism? It's like, no, bro. Like, it was always obvious that socialism had to take a the particular form of the country that the people struggling for socialism are in. And now it's so sad cuz we have an extremely rich history of radical struggles because if you think about it again dialectically in terms of contradictions, yes, it's it's it's a country that was founded on a genocide, imperialism exploitation slavery but where there's that, there's also its opposite, which is resistance. And if we have one of the richest histories of evil, we also have at the same time one of the richest histories of struggles against evil. And that's a history that leftists for some reason don't want to [ __ ] accept. You know who's very happy about that? the elite who strip it and remove it and don't allow it to be in history books or who demonize it when they put it on history books or who make a uh domesticated caricature of it when they do put it on history books because it's too big to ignore. So, one of the things I I did in my my last book from 2024, why we need American Marxism, is just sit there and outline in a way that hopefully everyone is able to understand. It's not the purity fetish was much more philosophically rigorous. >> Uh not not that this one is unrigorous but much more philosophy based. uh just outline the history of class struggles in the US and how it has shaped what America is and um that is much more American than the America of oppression because a thing is defined through its trajectory through its movement and that's the aspect of the contradiction that has been moving us forward MLK is more American than the aparthide system that he led a movement to overthrow >> because that system was what was left kind of in the past. Of course, there's remnants of it as there are with everything that's destroyed. >> But MLK was the thing that represented the future, the positive aspect of the contradiction. And that's that's forgotten. And that's a much better message to go to the people with like you have a very rich history of struggle. >> We're just trying to carry that forward >> and you know, hey, your country should burn down, >> right? support us. >> It's a way out. You know, we're trying to give give people a way out. >> Um, and I want to return to that point about civil war. uh you seem to share my opinion that the United States is headed for civil war >> and certainly with these uh ICE escalations it becomes more clear and you have the president convening all these generals from around the world and making this televised statement how he's going to use the US military against the American people. >> Yeah. Uh, of course he calls it the, you know, these he he classifies the American people as radical left uh extremists, but we know what he really means. Yeah, I know. I wish that's wishful thinking. Um, so yeah, I think I think we're headed uh I think you're right. We're the the the situation needs to unfortunately it needs to continue to deteriorate. The the living conditions of the working class need to get worse. I I don't say that with any u sense of happiness because I don't want it to get worse, but I think it's clear that uh for mass mobilization and organization against this exploitative system, we need to feel the hurt more. I mean, and I I wanted to ask you, do you see any uh correlaries between the time that we're living in and you're you're a studied man uh of history. Do do you do you find any corlaries and what could we analogize this point in history to other past historical experiments? Do is that a fair question? >> Yeah. No, it's really good. Um, this was something that Lenin was paid a lot of attention to. He only had like one revolution to study. Um, although I think the the Mongolian one was in 1919 as well. Uh, so he might have been able to study that one too. He he outlined that in order for any revolutionary change to occur, you need both objective and subjective conditions. By objective conditions, he meant a few series of factors. People's conditions deteriorating to a certain point where they could no longer go on in the old way. That's a very direct expression like >> when just the force of inertia becomes more burdensome than actually doing yeah some [ __ ] that that's one part of it >> and and that comes about through uh economic hardship and and things getting too difficult. >> Another sign of that is when people are willing to actually act on it. That's when you know you're you're getting close to there or there. Mhm. >> But there's this other interesting component that he adds as a part of objective conditions which is the ruling class itself cannot continue going on in the old way. And this can mean a few different things. It can mean well if your ruling class is an imperialist one like ours is not being able to go on in the old way. What does that look like? It looks like American unipolar imperialism not being able to sustain itself in the face of an emerging multipolarity as a new logic of international relations. It looks like at home um these uh battles over who's going to control what arm body of the state that you have between some Democrat governments and and the Trump administration. What is ICE if not like I I I thought about this the other day cuz you know they they go after brown people with money, brown people without money. So, okay, it cuts across class. Now they're killing white women. So, it's like, well, it's it's it's cutting across race and gender. So, what unites ICE? Well, it's just a loyalty to Trump. When the liberals talked about like this cult thing that they were this cult following of Trump that the MAGA base had, they weren't talking about like the [ __ ] farmer in Iowa that voted for Trump because he said he was going to smash the the deep state. They're talking about these [ __ ] maniacs, >> these uh masked up goons that are going around terrorizing communities and that's basically like the private armed forces of Trump. So >> trained by the IDF too. >> Trained by the IDF. Yeah. Yeah. Then and so that component of objective conditions which is the ruling class can no longer rule in the old way. We're seeing that as like we're spiraling towards a constitutional crisis. >> But what do you always need the subjective factor and what's the subjective factor for Lenin? >> It's not just like how people think. It's it's how people think within institutions that structure their practices. And that's what's missing. There's no um >> yeah for me of course I have the ultimate faith in the ACP as the organization that can fulfill that role but the objectively we're still tiny >> there's no organization that could fulfill that vanguard role at the moment >> right you need uh economic organization and political organizations too and I think that when you say uh how did you classify it um my brain doesn't work today but um the objective and the subjective Right. And I I to me that means like objective I think material subjective is ideological almost. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> You said you need people that are uh controlling these institutions that think the right things, right? Like have this the right kind of ideas >> for the subjective one? Yeah. It's >> for subjectivity. >> It's what's usually called class consciousness. I'm not the biggest fan of the term, but uh >> yeah, you know, it's like people need to join the organizations >> that are like the [ __ ] armies of fighting against the system basically. >> Also, when we're talking about revolutions, is it fair to say that also revolutions always happen because of the promise of a proliferation of commodities? Like revolutions always represent more for >> the revolutionary class. That's why it happens. Like the fact that uh you know the capitalists outmoded the feudal lords wasn't because just sheer violence. It was because what they were uh trying to propose the new system meant more commodities. It was a faster more efficient way of producing. And so it just it just meant more. And so revolutions happen not because of a um a decrease in goods and productivity but an increase and it be like you're saying it just becomes outmoded. There's the the ruling class can no longer operate in the current economy the way that it has. And I have this theory or this uh I try to make a an analogy between what we're experiencing right now and what was happening in Tsarist Russia at the turn of the >> you know the in from the 19th to the 20th century >> where you had uh the the economic system be becoming outmoded. it no longer was necessary. U and feudal feudalism was no longer working. And I'm sure you could give a better argument for this than I can, but uh what did the Zar and and his ministers do? They they clung to this metaphysical conception of the world that didn't really actually uh define the material conditions of the people of Russia. And I think that's why you had the uh the influence of Rasputin because he was like this mystical shaman, this metaphysical kind of guy that uh you know basically the the Zar came to be I'm sorry, Russia came to be ruled by this by the whims and the desires and the fantasies and the and the dreams of this shaman, this this snake oil salesman. And uh the the people, the peasants that were um in Russia looked upon their government as becoming increasingly untethered and and just uh you know >> outmoded and and it was that spelled the end of >> their uh thesarist uh regime I guess if if you could call it that. And I think you can but um there's that interesting contradiction, right? It's like the metaphysical meets the scientific. And uh Walter Rodney talks a lot about this about how religion um over time you know there's that contradiction between religion and science and you know religion was a way of explaining the world to primitive humans that or they came up with these conclusions about things that they didn't understand how you know these natural phenomena that they were seeing they couldn't explain them so they had attributed to God and religious uh examples or religious um reasons for for for this material world. And as science as as man started to use tools and became more scientific, you know, religion played less of a of a factor. But I guess I say all that to say that I think we see a lot of like Silicon Valley tech lords like Peter Teal, you know, they're all very weirdly, you know, preaching to us about religious uh prophecies and stuff like this. I think I see it as as like, okay, they're >> they can't grapple with being outmoded that the world is changing. The world is not, you know, the world is not a religious origin story or a religious myth. You know, it's dynamic. think it's evolving, things are changing and you know for the ruling class, the capitalist class, for them to acknowledge that the world is changing. That spells a death sentence for their class. So they have to use metaphysics and and religious arguments to plate the masses. Do would you agree with that? >> Oh yeah, 100%. Um they I mean they're also trying to develop this like this very sick um posthuman elitism where you see some of these cats talking about most people in the planet are superfluous. They're saying the the quiet part something that has been implied by the system all along but they're now they're saying it out loud and >> that's always a little bit dangerous when they start making stuff that was implicit explicit. Mhm. >> But I I mean you make a a great point and and one that again it's like basic to Marxism. One of the central contradictions of every system is not just the class contradictions that occur at the level of relations of production but this even larger contradiction between the relations of production and the forces of production. So like the tools technologies uh versus how it is that they actually are given form to by different social groups in order to carry out production. which is the relations of production. >> Uh the idea is that over time modes of production develop such that the relations become a fetter for the development of the forces of production. >> And that's what we're seeing with capitalism. How else do you explain planned obsolescence? >> We're get being sold [ __ ] that breaks earlier than it probably could. That's extremely inefficient. Why? Because they want us to come back and buy more [ __ ] And then you look at [ __ ] China and uh where a different logic is allowed to exist, where use value is uh taken much more into consideration uh than it ever would be in the US um and sometimes even more than exchange value. And you see a society that's much more efficient, much more technologically uh developed and doing so at a pace where you give it 5 10 years and it's it's a whole another world. 5 10 years for China, it's like 60 years for America. That's how slow we're moving. Um people see that. People see that. And as we keep getting bloated with a bunch of superfluous, cheap, [ __ ] wasteful commodities like Walmart shirts or something like that. Um they're actually getting efficient stuff and um people people are seeing that. I I I don't think that's being lost on people. on the last year, the amount of just standard like white Americans that are sharing stuff about China and vlogs and commenting and it's like, I had no idea I was like this. Give it five years. As people see more of China, as more Westerners travel and do vlogs and talk about it, it's going to be so [ __ ] evident that we live in the fourth world. Not not even the third, we're a fourth world country. >> Yeah. because uh it's it's I I remember coming back from China. I went to China in in April and I came back and I got off at the O'Hare airport in Chicago. Nice airport in comparison with the other ones in in the country and I was like, "Wow, I'm back to a [ __ ] hole country." [laughter] You go from a Chinese airport that's like Prometheian architecture and everything is spotless and clean and >> even the nicest stuff here in the US, it's like [ __ ] next to that. >> Where did you go in China? >> I was in Beijing for the first day, but the day that I the full day I spent in Beijing was just media stuff. I went to uh the headquarters of the media or propaganda section of the Communist Party to do interviews with Beijing uh review and then I flew to Nshi which I was told beforehand was the poorest city in central China. So, I was expecting, you know, I I I knew China was rich, but I knew about Shanghai and Beijing and and I was honestly expecting like, all right, dirt roads and >> um some of the stuff that you see in the US, like the poor areas. I show up there and I'm like, "What the [ __ ] is this?" You know, this is like the nicest city I've ever seen. It's traditional Chinese architecture, but like super modernized. And I was like, "Okay, well, this is the downtown." Uh the day after we got there, I went to the countryside. I was expecting it. Okay, now is when it gets ugly, bro. It was like the most beautiful mountains ever. A bunch of houses that are like brand new built, beautiful Audi's outside, Mustangs of the year, BYDs, like cars that I couldn't even imagine like affording in the US. Houses that no regular American could imagine affording. And all of this is relatively new. We got to a uh tea commune uh collectively owned by like 17 families or something like that. And I got to break bread with one of them, drink the moonshine that they made. And you could tell in the people there was poverty because the older people were missing teeth and they looked like uh you know they had been through a lot because they had just been lifted out of absolute poverty seven years prior. >> But now the younger generations are just like so wealthy. So like there's you know there was this there's this thing that sociologists say about the 60s in America which I don't agree with but anyways they say like well people started focusing on like race and and gender and all these other types of freedoms because there have been such an economic material comfort that now they can worry about all this other [ __ ] >> Yeah. >> Uh and and that caused turmoil. China's getting to the point where young people are so secure that they're just like they're some of them are getting depressed over the most [ __ ] [ __ ] ever. It's like what do I do with my life? Like >> I've heard about this like the the the younger generation, they don't really uh appreciate Yeah. They don't appreciate just where where their you know parents were at their age and and they you're absolutely right. I've heard about this. They tried to they tried to bond with me. Uh I was doing the interview the person interviewing me was a younger person and he was trying to bond. He's like you know you guys have depression crisis in America and I'm making and the voice I'm making him sound like Muslim or something. I don't know why >> I don't want to do >> I don't know if that's acceptable yet. And ACP is America. We could all do Chinese. >> Yeah. Right. Um, but he he was like, "You know, you guys, we also have like a depression thing." I was like, "Don't compare. I'm $100,000 in debt for getting a doctorate. I'm never going to have a home. You [ __ ] can get like two houses. Like, don't don't compare." All right. You sound spoiled. The Communist Party has you spoiled. It's like a rich parent, right? >> Giving you a bunch of good stuff, >> right? >> So, Carlos, >> that was interesting. >> If you love China so much, why don't you go move there, Carlos? >> Love that. I would love that so much. But >> me too. >> I I always answer it's a very simple answer >> because I'm not a [ __ ] You know, my fight is here. I I grew up here. Like what the [ __ ] am I going to go to China for? >> No, you should just untether yourself from everything that you've ever known. >> Yeah. >> In your entire world and just move to a foreign country because you advocate for a better, freer America. Can you imagine if all the peasants in Europe when they were like organizing to fight against like uh the feudal system, people telling them why don't you just move to [ __ ] Holland, [laughter] >> a massive exodus of millions of peasants to >> I always say that kind of thinking never abolished slavery, you know? >> Yeah. >> Etc., etc. I mean, we've we've inherited a mantle of class struggle. People that came before us uh struggled under more difficult conditions. We have no right to say that it's oh this is too much. >> But Raf brother, it's been such a pleasure talking to you. I've taken enough of your time. We're about an hour and a half in. Um >> and yet still we didn't even get to all the things that we wanted to talk about. But that's all right. We'll have to we'll have to do it again soon. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Happy to have you back on um anytime. >> Would you be uh open to doing like a live stream collaboration on on my stream perhaps? >> Absolutely. Anytime. No. Uh, I'd do it. >> Yeah, we we do the Streamyard thing and and I can bring you on and we can maybe like take a take a look at some clips and stuff. It might be >> Let's do it. I'd be happy. >> I think uh I I do that sometimes with the guys from RBN and I always find it very fun. >> Yeah. >> But I'm going to have all of your links uh to social media and to your YouTube channel in the description. But um just for the folks listening, where can people find you? And if is is there anything you want to plug before we head out? I guess my YouTube page is where most people can find me now. Um, after being booted off of so many apps. Um, so yeah, I'm at Wrath. Every time I uh get banned, I add an E to the end of my name. So it's I think I'm at Wrathbone with an extra E on YouTube. Uh, and you know, I'm on Twitter with the same name and Instagram. But yeah, I I mainly just do live streams now uh four hours every night virtually and we go through the news and discuss geopolitics. But thank you so much for having me. It's a good conversation. I hope we can do it again real soon. >> No, it's been very fun. It's been insightful and I hope the folks listening uh appreciated it. I know the they probably learned a lot. Um and yeah, follow Rafon. He's one of my favorite creators and the you know the videos he does on like Palestine and geopolitics are so [ __ ] good. So please please do follow him, share his work and uh thanks again for coming on brother. >> Thank you doctor. Appreciate it.