So, the other day I talked about Relooted. This game launched. It launched. Can you even call it a launch when it had like a peak player count of 57? That's more of like an instant fail, but yeah, Relooted launched, got a max player count of 57. Now it's 36 as of recording. And I saw some tweets from Gothic Therapy where they showcase a few tweets or excuse me, a few blue sky posts from the CEO of Reluded, this Ben Meyers guy. And in the screenshots of the posts, he is complaining about gamers and Steam and wanting to censor the Steam forums, but he's scared if he does, he'll get criticism for it, but he really wants to. And I went over to the guy's Blue Sky account, and I couldn't find those posts. Actually, it looks like he deleted them. So, I'll say like apparently he said this stuff because, you know, it's not there anymore, but the screenshots are still out there. And let me show you where this discussion really started. And it gets especially interesting, too, because we have a little cameo from a certain Chris Kindred, a name you might be familiar with if you followed the Sweet Baby Inc. news that was going around a while back. And so it all begins here with this TeeG account on Blue Sky that says, "This is the Steam forum for Reluded and it's all gravedancing rhyoid culture war incelss. Do you think Valve is ever going to crack down on this stuff? They allow this nonsense to fester on their platform, providing hatemongers, a soapbox to spew vile racist BS. Deeply frustrating. Oh, it's so frustrating. I'm going to this forum and it's upsetting me and I and I'm going there anyways and screenshotting it to complain about my Blue Sky account. [laughter and gasps] Could this guy have fit any more buzzwords in that post either? What is that like four sentences? He managed to shovel so many buzzwords in that stuff. It's crazy. And so that's where we can see these apparent responses from Reluded CEO Ben Meyers. But before we take a look at all those posts, let me show you this one that I mentioned from Chris Kindred. says, "We're here in this moment explicitly because Steam wouldn't do anything. They didn't do any." Wait a second. Hold on. The phrasing here is really funny. Or either I read that wrong or the phrasing is really funny. Let me try again. We're here in this moment explicitly because Steam wouldn't do anything. They didn't do anything about this at the critical moment. Yeah, the phrasing is funny. Absolute abdication of responsibility. Steam wouldn't do anything. They didn't do anything about this at the critical moment. the critical moment. What is that even supposed to mean, bro? What is the critical moment? These people are such drama queens. And so, as mentioned, Chris Kindred is someone who was formerly a narrative designer at Canadian DEI consultation firm Sweet Baby Inc. And this is someone who previously advocated for censorship over on Steam because he was offended at the stuff gamers were saying there. and also offended that gamers were pointing out games that Sweet Baby Inc. had worked on. And so he didn't like that. He didn't like that transparency. He didn't like that people were saying, "Hey, SBI worked on this game. Just letting you know." And he wanted anyone that would say such things banned. And not just banned. He even advocated for people's entire Steam accounts to get banned, too. So to clarify, not just like banned on a Steam discussion forum, but their entire Steam account banned, which you know would mean you lose your entire Steam library. All those games you spent money on. This guy wanted you to lose all that because you had the audacity to say, "Hey, SBI worked on that game. Just letting you know that's how unhinged these people are." So, it's a pretty funny little cameo here that we see Chris Kindred over in the Blue Sky Echo Chamber still advocating for censorship on Steam. This stuff with SBI happened years ago. I think it was back in 2024 if I recall. And to this day, man is still just that pressed over it all. And that takes us back to Ben Meyers, the CEO of the dev studio behind this Reluded game where Ben Meyers is responding to this TEG person that we read a few minutes ago that said, "This is the Steam form for Relud and it's all gravedancing right away Culture War incelss." Do you think Valve is ever going to crack down on this stuff? They allow this nonsense to fester on their platform, providing hatemongers, a soapbox to spew vile racist BS. Deeply frustrating. And Ben Meyers responds and says all this based on the torid stuff they mark as not against terms of service when it's reported. I doubt they have much interest ever addressing this, which is particularly awful considering you can't turn off forums as a dev. This guy wants to turn off the Steam forums on his game, brother. Those Steam forums have more active people there than your game does. Teeg says, "One solution I've seen other devs use is to lock the whole forum and leave a single locked thread pointing to a platform they have actual moderation power over. Just go to Reddit. Go to our subreddit. Maybe that's an option for y'all. Either way, deeply sorry you have to deal with this BS. 2014 never ends." Ben says, "We'll look into it." Part of the issue though is that if you use your moderation powers to uh excuse me, if you use your moderation powers too much as a dev, then there is a cottage industry of YouTubers who make videos about your forums and then that drives more bad faith actors. There went through this when we announced just uh just it becomes a feedback loop of neverending new accounts dropping in basically impossible to moderate the volume that occurs when that happens. And that's the end of it. So it sounds like what happened speculating is Ben saw that people were sharing these screenshots outside of Blue Sky, sharing them on Twitterx. Some people already made YouTube videos about this. He deleted this stuff as some sort of like damage control or something. I don't know. Didn't want more people talking about it, more people making videos about it. But it's like, dude, the screenshots are already out there and now here we are. It's also funny where he complains that YouTubers will cover if devs censor gamers and he frames it as like a cottage industry of YouTubers who will cover that stuff. And he's framing it in a negative light, but in reality, that just means that we're individuals working on our own as opposed to industry people like him that have industry support and funding. And that's to say that it actually makes us look better. And he doesn't realize that, which is pretty funny. Something else funny is that Reluded and the people behind Relooted, like Ben Meyers, have actually been accused of being racist. themselves. People arguing that Reluda the game perpetuates racist stereotypes. And these people have said nothing about that stuff. But they're really quick to label gamers as racists. Meanwhile, again, they don't address what people are saying about their own alleged racism. Instead, they're busy complaining about Steam forum posts and being worried that people will make YouTube videos if they censor their Steam forums. Reminds me of discourse in 2024 around Ubisoft and Star Wars Outlaws where it was reported that Ubisoft was trying to pressure Steam to hide or limit the visibility of the concurrent player count for [laughter and gasps] for their titles. They were so humiliated that people could see the extremely low player count on their Ubisoft games. They wanted that censored. They didn't want people to be able to see that data apparently. And so I'm just getting like similar vibes from this as well. You know, we we see this time and time again where some modern audience Slav games come out and these people very quickly jump to a smear campaign or just outright censorship. The smear campaign was their old strategy. They'd contact their gaming journalist buddies, get some nonsense article written up, oh the gamers are chuds, blah blah blah. We don't deserve this. Like, no one cares about what gaming journalists have to say anymore, though. So, like some of them still try that strategy and it just fails instantly because again, no one cares about gaming journalists like that. And some of them don't even try it anymore. Instead, oh, how can we get Steam censored so people can't voice their opinions like this? Yeah, they would love if like people were forced to only use Reddit and they could have their uh, you know, Reddit white knight mods just remove any post, ban anyone that has descending opinion. Anyways, yesterday was that Highguard dev that was all whiny and crying and trying to play victim. Now we got this Ben Meyers guy. That's the industry for you. Well, this part of the industry at least. Let me know what you guys think about all this in the comments. Thank you for tuning in. Have a lovely weekend and I'll see you in the next