fade in. You know, this is not like a series of books like Harry Potter where you've already got a template of what the stories might be. >> Years ago, you were at a charity event wearing the Forces female t-shirt. >> The Force is female. I didn't know it was controversial. >> Oh, yeah. People are very upset. >> Put a kick in it and make her gay. Kathleen Kennedy, her point of view was there are way more Star Wars stories ahead of us than behind us. >> Put another gay diverse woman in it. Make it more lame. >> I'm always like, really? We built this amazing thing and now we have to tear it down. >> They're crap. Crap. Crap. Mega crap. >> Nerdotic.com. Greetings you over 1 million Heliens in the 40% who haven't subscribed yet. We got some breaking news. We're not going to bury the lead on this one. For the sixth year in a row, it has been reported that Kathleen Kennedy is leaving Lucasfilm. The only thing that's different this time is that it's actually happening. And after well over half a decade of scoopers across all social medias stating that Kathleen Kennedy's exit was imminent, you would think, considering she's a 72-year-old executive, so it's not exactly going out on a limb, that they would eventually be right. And that day has arrived from Deadline, a shift in the force for Lucasfilm's Kathleen Kennedy, the exit interview. And this is from Deadline. So yes, it's real and the only reason I'm making a video on it. Now, some may think that this is some sort of cause for celebration when it really isn't. In truth, it's a tragedy. A man, George Lucas, gifted a woman, Kathleen Kennedy, the greatest cinematic franchise that will ever exist. and from Jump Street. She vandalized it, subverted it, and perverted it beyond all recognition. And now she's called it a job well done and pissed off. And the worst thing is she will be celebrated for it. She will receive accolades and awards. They will honor her past work as a producer on films like Poltergeist, ET, Schindler's List, The Six Sense, Munich, War of the Worlds, Lincoln, the Jurassic Park franchise, the Indiana Jones franchise, the Back to the Future franchise. Combined, they total more than 11 billion in global box office grosses. And that's nothing to sneeze at. And don't you dare bring up the fact that this has a lot to do with her relationship with Steven Spielberg, George Lucas, and her husband Frank Marshall, because that would be sexist. And they'll also bring up her work at Lucasfilm. She successfully brought back the franchise with The Force Awakens, grossing over $2 billion at the global box office. And its successors, The Last Jedi and The Rise of Skywalker, both earned over a billion at the global box office. And if you just left it there, you would call it a Hall of Fame career. But while passing out all those awards and accolades, the industry and the dinosaur access media will conveniently ignore the Olympus Monsized amount of bad decisions she was either directly involved with or signed off on, including but not limited to, and you'll have to forgive me, I'm going off the top of my head here, cancelling the Star Wars expanded universe. apparently being unaware of the Star Wars expanded universe that she canled. Shutting down Lucas Arts, killing Han Solo in your first film, guaranteeing that you would not get a reunion of Han, Luke, and Leia. A decision that is widely considered the worst mistake in cinematic history, or her history in this case. Turning the hero of generations, Luke Skywalker, into a sad old man and a quitter who lives on an island drinking the milk from a space manatee's titty before killing him off when he OD's on the force. And when the fans didn't like that, Kathleen Kennedy and her ilk in Lucasfilm decided to make the fans the enemy with the help of their willing comrades in the Access media. How about firing directors Lord and Miller when they were 70% done with the Solo movie, remaking it almost completely, only for it to be the first flop in Star Wars history. # Solo LostMoney. Then there was Kathleen Kennedy's brilliant decision to not put any of the original trilogy characters in Galaxy's Edge because she didn't want to cater to 50year-olds. Kathleen Kennedy, her point of view was there are way more Star Wars stories ahead of us than behind us. Or do we want to build a Tatooine and build what all the 50somes remember Star Wars is or do we want to build something else which is going to appeal to all the upcoming generations who are going to know the new stories. >> Firing Gina Carano, bringing back Jar Abrams to direct the rise of Skywalker. And when they released it, it did manage to unite the fandom in all the wrong ways. A film, I might add, that cost $600 million to make, which makes it the most expensive film of all time and arguably the first billion dollar box office flop, which may be the reason why the greatest cinematic franchise in history, Star Wars, hasn't released a movie in cinemas since. Kathleen Kennedy also hired the former personal assistant to Harvey Weinstein, Leslie Hedland, gave her $230 million to make what is not only one of the worst Star Wars shows ever made, it's one of the worst shows ever made, The Acolyte. Kathleen Kennedy also oversaw what might be the most embarrassing failure for Disney and Lucasfilm, the billiondoll Galactic Star Cruiser Hotel, which was open for a grand total of 18 months. a failure so abyssal a young woman made a 4-hour video about its failure that garnered 15 million views and was far more profitable. She also signed off on another complete catastrophe, Star Wars Outlaws, a video game so bad my pal Mer made a 17-hour video on it that is currently sitting at 1 million views and I'm certain it's far more profitable. But it wasn't just Star Wars with Kathleen Kennedy at Lucasfilm. There's Willow, a show that was so bad it was not only cancelled, Disney erased it from existence. Much to my friend Dispru's Despair. But let's give it up to Kathleen Kennedy because she was not only the first woman to produce a Star Wars flop, she also produced the first Indiana Jones flop with Indiana Jones and the Dial of Dysentery. Me, too. Then there's all the directors she's either hired, fired, or they just left, like the previously mentioned Lord and Miller, Josh Tran, Gareth Edwards, Colin Trevor, and Patty Jenkins. And then there's all the cancelled projects. And again, you're going to have to forgive me cuz I'm going off the top of my head. Obi-Wan movie, the Boba Fett movie, Rogue Squadron, the Lando D+ series, the Rangers of the New Republic D+ series. Then there was the Rianne Johnson trilogy, the Dan and Dave trilogy, the Kevin Feige movie, the Taikawatiti project, the Giammo Doto Toro Jabba film, the Damon Lindelof project, James Mangold's movie, and Charmaine Oade Shenoi's Ray movie, which was announced three years ago and before Mandalorian and Grou, and Star Wars Starf Fighter, which will be the first two Star Wars films in theaters in over half a decade. A generational run of ineptitude that was immortalized in a South Park episode. And all of this will be glossed over by the entire entertainment industry and their willing enable comrades in the access media. And this brings us to Kathleen Kennedy's exit interview and deadline, which is a 33minute read and unsurprisingly is a total fluff piece that glosses over her failures or doesn't even mention them at all. Don't believe me? There's not a single mention of Willow or the Acolyte in it. And the only things worth mentioning from this circle jerk are very brief. It may shock you to learn that Kathleen Kennedy has no regrets after leaving Lucasfilm. The highs include bringing in a new audience. I think we did find new characters. We continue to find new characters, yet none of them work. And if you think she forgot about the fan base, you'd be wrong. The lows are that you've got this very, very small percentage of the fan base that has enormous expectations and basically they want to continue to see pretty much the same thing. Oh, and she wasn't done backhanding the fans. If you have any questions where the preemptive attacks on fans come from on things like the acolyte and Obi-Wan, you don't need to question it anymore. I'm honest, especially with the women that come into this space because they unfairly get targeted. I don't try to sugarcoat it and I emphasize that it's a very small group of people with loud megaphones. I truly do not believe that's the majority of fans. And I think we're also in this weird world of where bots can affect things. And no one's denying that. It happens on both sides to a certain percentage. But I'll ask you this. Who has the financial incentive to bot things? Is it a fan or a multinational, multi-billion dollar corporation trying to protect an IP? >> But wait, there's more. >> She also blames Rianne Johnson leaving on the fans. What she fails to mention is those are the very same fans Rianne Johnson was gaslighting. I do believe he got spooked by the online negativity. I think Rianne made one of the best Star Wars movie. He's a brilliant filmmaker and he got spooked. To be fair, KK said she had one regret, the Solo movie, where she realized fundamentally, conceptually, you cannot replace Han Solo, at least right now. Well, then maybe you shouldn't have killed him. And that's about it. And the headline for this interview should have read, "Woman who destroyed Star Wars quits. No accountability to be found." >> How do you write women so well? >> I think of a man and I take away reason and accountability. And with all of our beloved franchises seemingly dying all at the same time, the commonality is the path of their destruction was paved with ego, hubris, and a slavish adherence to the message. According to the Deadline interview, Kathleen Kennedy truly believes she was a bold decision maker. She was innovative and breaking ground with Star Wars by casting a British brunette woman over and over again. The funny thing is, you do not get to choose your legacy. Life will choose that for you. So, while she continues to delude herself while riding off into the sunset with all her accolades and awards, the truth of the matter is she oversaw the destruction of the greatest cinematic franchise of all time, Star Wars, through creative mismanagement, prioritizing entitlementdriven agendas and virtue signaling over coherent storytelling, alienating fans and turning the biggest franchise in the history of Hollywood into a symbol of its creative decline. Simply put, despite all of her prolific previous work, Kathleen Kennedy will forever be known as the woman who killed Star Wars. And taking her place are two of her accompllices, Dave Fona and Lynwin Brennan. Meet the new bosses, same as the old boss. >> If you like what you heard, please like, share, and subscribe. If you didn't like what you heard, I thank you for listening this long. I will see you in the next video.