And they are able to radicalize and target and exploit a generation of young boys in particular away from healthy masculinity and into an insecure masculinity that requires the domination of others who are poorer, browner, darker, or a different gender than them. So, that was Congresswoman Alexandria Okasio Cortez, who may just be on her way to running for the New York State Senate seat currently held by Chuck Schumer or for President of the United States in 2028, talking about how Republicans are absolutely clear about what they believe, which is that they're evil white racists and they have fantasies about dominating poor brown women just like AOC's dreams in all sorts of ways because that is what Republicans have sold these men. And this is kind of the perfect distillation of why Democrats are losing young men in droves in recent history. And it's because they absolutely hate everything about them. They label masculine features as toxic, expect you to subordinate yourselves to them. And again, they throw out weird, awkward personal fantasies that they have about white men that honestly make make people a little bit uncomfortable. Like I'm a little bit weirded out about this. And considering there is a chance, albeit a small one, that Okasio Cortez will win the Democratic nomination and become our first female president, I I don't think this is a good thing, to have in office in order to confront all the male dictators around the world that this is her personal fantasy. So, this is what we're going to talk about. We're going to break this down. But before we do, I want to thank everybody who supports this channel via actualjusticewarrior.com/join. >> I give me the money. Give you give me the money. Okay, so this all took place during a CNN town hall during the government shutdown. I'm not exactly sure why a month later this clip is recirculating, but this was just after they were asked why the Democratic establishment is doing so poorly on social media in comparison to Bernie and AOC's video on the same topic that got millions upon millions of more views. news and Okasio Cortez just finished up giving an answer about how the Democrats, they believe all these magical, wonderful things because they're such good people. And then she jumps into what the Republicans believe and why they're winning online. And of course, the reason that Republicans are winning online is not because they have a message that is more appealing. It's because they're evil white racists and they have so much evil white racism and hate that they're tricking the dumb dumb men's into supporting their evil white racism on the idea that they get to dominate the brown women's like Okasio Cortez. when they talk about Republicans uh and their success online, they have been successful because they have also been very clear especially digitally about what they believe that women are inferior that do not and they do not deserve equal rights that they believe that LGBTQ Americans are subhuman that they believe and are circulating disgusting racial and and white supremacist messaging that they are able to get away with digital digitally and online. >> So, there's this myth that is often pushed by progressives on the internet.com that the Okasiocortez, Bernie Sanders, Justice Democrat wing of the party isn't the portion of the party that is pushing all the woke stuff. In fact, that's the establishment Democrats. They're pushing the culture war as a mechanism in order to distract you from the economic issues, from the class struggle, from going after the elites because they want to water down the issues and get you away from the things that really matter. But in reality, what we see right here is Bernie Sanders right next to AOC while she is attacking most of the electorate. And I say most because guess what? They recently voted in overwhelming numbers to elect Donald Trump. and she is using all of the woke tactics in order to do so. Because make no mistake about it, the socialist types, the people who are supposedly concerned with economic populism as is currently being described by a lot of people in left-wing online media, they care the most about these cultural issues because their goal is to eradicate our culture, our American culture, and replace it with their leftist nonsense. So AOC right off the top when asked about Republican messaging goes after them as white supremacists, evil white racist, talks about how they hate women, how they think LGBT people are subhuman, which is just absurd and insane. Again, one of the big things that has emerged recently among the right is a push back specifically on the transis community. And part of that push back is, hey, you can't become a woman or you can't become a man. that does not in any way, shape, or form make you less of a human, less of a person. But Okasiocortez sees the right as subhuman. She sees a lot of white people as subhuman. So what's happening right here is she's projecting her own hatred into the hearts of people who oppose her because she can't actually believe that people are coming to different conclusions based on information and that's how the country is supposed to operate. She has to believe that one side is evil. And by the way, this is one of the things that makes socialists so dangerous. This is why when they get into power, when they actually have full control, one of the first things they do is start mass killing people that disagree with them. And again, you could see the venom in her eyes. You could see the fact that she truly believes that you and your beliefs are in fact evil. And this is from a woman who pretends that she was trying to appeal to the voters in her district that went for Trump and for her. But in reality, she can't stand those people who are guilty of wrong think. Make no mistake about it. And by the way, Bernie Sanders right there, supposedly not woke at all, focused on the economic populism. The woke stuff is just a distraction from the Democratic establishment just nodding along, just in agreement because we all know they all support the same garbage >> that they believe and are circulating disgusting racial and and white supremacist messaging that they are able to get away with digital digitally and online. Now, I also want to point out that Okasio Cortez is talking about the right success digitally and how it's enabled online. And she's going to get into this a little bit later, but make no mistake about it. Those are calls for censorship. She wants the internet to go back to the way it was when she was able to rise to power, when she had not only online support, but then that translated to mainstream media support and all these different various people promoting her and basically boosting her up artificially. She wants that era. And if you criticize her a little bit too harsh. If you put out stuff that she deemed white supremacist and evil and toxically masculine, she wants you banned from the internet. She is an authoritarian through and through. Make no mistake about it. And they are able to radicalize and target and exploit a generation of young boys in particular away from healthy masculinity and into an insecure masculinity that requires the domination of others who are poorer, browner, darker, or a different gender than them. >> So this is the perfect, and I mean absolutely perfect image when they cut to the crowd to respond to what Okasio Cortez is doing. Remember, part of the question is why the left is doing so poorly online overall, why they're losing young men. And CNN ends up cutting to the crowd. And what do we see? A bunch of young women who, by the way, have by far and away become more radical left than young men have become radical right. But you see the look of these women. These are your single Democratic voters. You quite literally have somebody center frame with the nose ring, always an indicator, and the feminist problem glasses nodding along with this. So part of the reason why Democrats do so poorly with men, do so poorly with young men, is that they specifically talk about how much they hate young men to almost exclusively young women. They're always downplaying them. They're always degrading them. And think about how sick and disgusting this is. Okasio Cortez is telling you that the thing that makes young men disagree with her is that Republicans are playing on their white supremacy and their desire to dominate and subjugate browner, poorer women than them. And then you have a bunch of woke white ladies in the audience nodding along to this nonsense. Again, you want to vote for this. You you want to back up Okasio Cortez. You want to sign your name on that campaign when the woman is showing absolute disdain for you. And by the way, the crowd not grimacing, the crowd not looking at her like she's crazy, even though what she's saying is crazy. They're nodding along. Also, I mean, do I need to play the clip of her fiance walking the dog while Alex Stein is like confronting her? AOC, my favorite big booty Latina. I love you, AOC. You're my favorite. She wants to kill babies, but she's still beautiful. You look very beautiful in that dress. You look very sexy. Look at that booty on AOC. That's my favorite big booty. Latina. Do a little selfie. >> I love it. My favorite AOC. Nice to meet you, AOC. Look how sexy she looks in that dress. Yes, look, I'm not saying I'm the most masculine guy just because I never shower or change my clothes, but I guarantee you if you came up to me on the streets while I'm walking with my wife or my fianceé if it was a couple years ago or even when she was my girlfriend and you started shouting things at her, I'm not going to prance in front of her and get out of the way of the scene with a little dog like Riley Roberts is right there. That is not going to happen. That's not how it's going to go down. You're going to have a problem. And again, I'm not somebody who's super confrontational who wants to fight each and every person, but I'm just telling you how it actually is, like what will actually go down in a situation like that. I'm not going to leave her behind bare minimum. I might not get into a physical altercation or anything of the sort, but I'm not going to abandon my lady in that moment right there so she could throw a little bit of a fit because I want to walk my little baby dog. Like, that's not going to happen. But Okasio Cortez thinks that you as a man should act like that in that situation. And no, I I don't sign up for that. I don't agree with that. Democrats really should stop talking about masculinity because each and every time they do, what they reveal is that they can't stand real men. While at the same time, by the way, Okasio Cortez is giving us her weird fetish about being dominated by whiter men than her, which is just like I I don't need to hear that. I don't need to know that. And that is why they are resonating online because they are appealing to the most basist and worst parts of human nature to divide us. >> So, first of all, I'm so sick of this nonsense from left-wing progressives about how everybody else is trying to divide you, but she's trying to unite you. No, you're not. You're pushing divisive social issues. You keep talking about white supremacy, which by the way, ask any of these people what the difference is between a white supremacist country and a white majority country. They won't be able to tell you. and specifically asked them, by the way, for a country that currently exists. They won't be able to name a single one. And these are all done in order to weaponize different aspects of the electorate in order to get them to vote for them. Remember, there was a book that was written shortly after Obama was elected or maybe it was during like the 2000s when Bush was still president about the new emerging Democratic majority. This was all about how the white population as a share of the American population was dropping so much that it was basically going to be impossible for Republicans to win a national election ever again. And this was celebrated in that book. Remember, if you talk about this and you're against it, they'll call you a white supremacist pushing the great replacement theory. But when they talk about it, when they write books, they call it the Browning of America. And it's an applause line. So they push the vision all of the time. She's pushing it right now in this moment while at the same time saying Republicans pointing this stuff out, talking about what the Democrats are celebrating and saying that they're openly doing. That's actually the evil bad thing. That's actually the evil white racism. How dare you as an American think that you have the right to, you know, control your own borders and your own immigration policy. Shut up, Okasio Cortez. Do us all a favor and shut your stupid mouth. And by the way, Bernie, anytime you want to step up in this moment and prove that you're not on the woke train, I I'm waiting for that. >> And why to divide us? so that the same people who own those platforms, people like Elon Musk, Peter Teal, Mark Zuckerberg, that these people can continue to get away with highway robbery in tax cuts and in order to fleece all of our pockets, cut our healthcare, keep our wages low so that they can so that we remain fighting amongst ourselves while while they make themselves richer. >> Guys, Okasio Cortez is not trying to divide you. She's not an elitist at all whatsoever. However, what she is doing is selling you on this idea that all your problems are attributed to a select group of people that control absolutely everything. And each and every issue that you personally care about, that you're concerned with, a culture related issue or a quality of life issue, it's not actually your real concern. Those are just bad people controlling these social media companies making you concerned about those things. They're directing your eye at those particular situations. So ignore the fact that she's a defund the police progressive. And by the way, that has significantly more impact on you than the tax rate that Mark Zuckerberg pays because you actually have to live with the consequences that by the way Okasio Cortez doesn't have to live with when police are cut in your community. You have to be victimized by crime, have businesses shut down and all that stuff. Just ignore all of that because those are distractions by the evil elites, the elites that are coming at you. But remember Okasio Cortez, unifying figure. I mean, she's quite literally targeting people, a small group, pinning all your problems on them and, you know, doing that in order to gain your votes while simultaneously accusing Republicans of doing the exact same thing. And so in order for us to fight back against that, we must be clear about what we believe, have strong beliefs, and also be completely unwilling to bow to that kind of division and stand in solidarity with one another, especially when it is someone whose culture is different from ours or whose background we may not entirely understand, but that we honor, love, and see as our fellow Americans. >> So here's the thing that Alexandria Okasio Cortez does not get. The Democrats are clear about what they believe. They believe that men can be become women, that they can dominate in female sports, and that women are just supposed to take it on the chin. They believe that you, as a parent, should have no authority on deciding whether or not you want to put your own child through these gender transitions that, by the way, in a bunch of left-wing states, they're trying to make a form of child abuse for you to not agree with. These are things that impact actual families that they are concerned about that Okasio Cortez is saying that they want to be unwavering as. And the reason I bring that up is because it's often cited as a culture war issue that doesn't matter. But fundamentally, who controls your family, which is the real issue at hand, absolutely does matter. They also believe that criminals are innocent and Joe Aladdins. This is why I make fun of them. Akasiocortez is quite famous for saying that criminals are only stealing because they want bread for their families and that is absurd and ridiculous. You in the real world have to deal with those consequences. Now, I'm not saying that there aren't broader economic issues that are definitely troubling. But the thing is, Okasiocortez is on the wrong side of all those issues anyway. She's a socialist, basically an economic flat-earther, and is guaranteed to make your lives worse in that regard. But at the same time, this idea that the culture war stuff doesn't really matter or it's just a distraction is absurd, insane, and acidine. Again, she wants us to divert to all these different other foreign cultures, especially ones that we don't understand. And there's n a conversation about, you know, assimilating to American culture. Again, these people are against the melting pot as we discussed recently when we talked about the mayor of Dearbornne. So, yeah, the thing is, you're not about what you believe. We know what you stand for. That is why we reject it wholeheartedly. But you know what? Those are just my thoughts. I want to know what you guys think about this down in the comments below. As per usual, if you like this video, show them by leaving a like. Subscribe for more content. Follow me on the social media. Support me via support links in the description of this video. This has been me talking about Okasio Cortez, showing us who she really is. Till next time.