Star Wars Mark Hamill can't believe Luke Skywalker died from an overdose of the Force and says Obi-Wan and Yoda should have warned him. So, it seems like he's starting to get a little bit candid. Why now of all times? Yeah. So, I don't know why this is new, but it seems Mark Hamill has said something again about The Last Jedi. And I had a feeling that this kind of stuff would happen. I feel like as the years are going to pass by, they're going to either like fall out of contract or they're like not going to be paid as much by Disney or at all or get any jobs and they're going to kind of like be okay. Maybe it's time to just really speak my mind about this and not be hushed up about it. But he started talking about Luke from The Last Jedi again of all things. seems like maybe he is having a delayed effect where uh he's starting to finally speak out about it after so many years perhaps, you know, cuz he did before the film came out and then when it came out they shushed him and he was like, "Oh yeah, it was great now that I see it." And then it seems like, you know, I'm waiting for all of these guys to like just be real with fans, be like real to and loyal to George and be like, "You know what? This was This was totally wrong." Star Wars Mark Hamill can't believe Luke Skywalker died from an overdose of the Force and says Obi-Wan and Yoda should have warned him. It never even should have happened. But yeah, if it was going to, then yeah, they should have definitely warned him that you can overdose in the Force. I mean, who knew that was even a thing? Okay, so it seems like he's starting to get a little bit candid. Why now of all times? Mark Hamill has commented once again on Luke Skywalker's death in The Last Jedi. He said that it was an overdose of the Force. And had that been a real risk, Obi-Wan, Kenobi, and Yoda should have warned him. The death of Star Wars original hero is a controversial topic among the franchise's fans. And let me just say point blank, it shouldn't be. If you are a fan of Star Wars, if you're a fan of George Lucas, you should not be happy and accepting of Luke Skywalker's death in The Last Jedi. If you were going to have Luke pass on, it should have been at least in the in the last film, in the ninth film. But even then, why? George was proposed with the idea of killing Luke Skywalker in episode 6, and he said no. He flat out said, "No, we won't do that because killing the main character alienates the audience. Why would you do that? We don't need to kill off the main character just for shock value." And he point blank says this in the making of Return of the Jedi. But what do these overpaid directors now in Hollywood do like Ryan Johnson? They just make something that's controversial because they think that, well, they're clip farming. >> My trust in them has been shaken. >> You're continuing a beloved franchise that was built on George Lucas' story. You have to do it like that. You can't subvert expectations. It's funny that people miss the irony that Luke Skywalker died from an overdose of the Force. Mark Hamill said speaking on CBS this morning. Oh he was doing on CBS. I mean, who knew that was even a thing? >> That's not how the Force works. >> Don't you think if there was even a marginal chance that using the Force could be lethal, Obi-Wan would have said, "Use the Force in moderation, Luke." Or Yoda would have said, "Overdue Force projection. You must not." Nobody warned me, but obviously they concluded his story. He died. All right. Mark Hamill or someone on Marx Hamill's team let him know the fans agree that Luke Skywalker shouldn't have died. It literally divided an entire fan base. And they doubled down by saying, "Your Snoke theory sucks." Andy Gutierrez, the spokesperson of the Star Wars show drinking a cup that said fanboy tears when all of us were upset that our big hero that George Lucas built up for three films had a anticlimactic ending and died by overdosing on the force, which is so absolutely ridiculous. And if you try to say anything, they say, "No, you don't like the sequel trilogy because there was a girl in it." >> Too sure of themselves they are. >> Like, it's so frustrating. And we've had to deal with this unescending behavior. Understand that this is not how the character should have been portrayed. And if you don't believe us, then you can even take it from Mark Hamill. Now, don't turn this into a political thing or this is a left versus right This is Star Wars. Let's keep it on course. I'm so sick and tired of anytime you want to talk about Star Wars, it gets turned into some political sort of debate, which is such an American thing to do. It's just like, dude, let's just stick to the story of this fictitional space wizard world. Haml is speaking somewhat tongue and cheek here. Something he often does, such as when he suggested Luke was now a naked force ghost after dying and leaving his robes behind, which is funny. He left his robes behind, but he didn't leave the metal hand. Ryan Johnson. And undoubtedly, the actor knows well enough the reasons why Luke did what he did, even if it did lead to his exhaustion as a personal sacrifice rather than any other motive, which is still absolutely ridiculous. It never should have happened. Still, the comments come after the actor previously expressed his own personal dissatisfaction for Luke's state of being in The Last Jedi, which he described is as the former Jedi master having become a suicidal hermit. Indeed, Haml said he had ultimately rationalized Luke's behavior by creating his own incredibly dark backstory that involved the death of a young son, something that definitely isn't part of the Disney cannon. Yeah, that's just copium. I thought what could make someone give up a devotion to what is basically a religious entity to give up being a Jedi? Hamill explained previously. Well, the love of a woman. So, he falls in love with a woman. He gives up being a Jedi. They have a child together. At some point, the child as a toddler picks up an unattended lightsaber, pushes the button, and is killed instantly. The wife is so full of grief, she kills herself. So, terrible. Like if you're Jedi Master Luke Skywalker, first of all, you're not leaving your lightsaber laying around for your toddler to go and grab it. You'd also be able to sense with the Force if someone is going to grab their lightsaber or if something bad was going to happen. >> I sense it, too. >> I have a bad feeling about that. You'd be able to sense it. You be able to feel it. If freaking Han Solo can feel stuff, so can Luke Skywalker. No, that's like extreme levels of copium that doesn't even make sense. I truly think that if the Last Jedi was just done with a little bit of respect to George and to to Luke, the fandom would be in such a better place. There would be such less infighting. There would be more people that are just positive about Star Wars. But it was like, let's destroy this character in such a disrespectful way, like throwing the lightsaber and blah blah blah, and then he dies, you know, cutting himself off from the force, the all that crap. I think that Star Wars could be healed. I think it could be fixed if you get the right people. And that's really the key word here is the right people, right? And will they do that? Probably not because they can't get their heads out of their ass enough to know what Star Wars really is. And if they really want to make a lot of money, which we know they like or they're a company at the end of the day, they need to survive. then they need to honor the legacy that George made and not to piss off their fan base, not to piss off their fans and insult their fans, especially when they do something as ridiculous as what they did with Luke Skywalker in the Last Jedi. [snorts and clears throat] A lot of this can be rectified very simply if one of the heads of Lucasfilm, not even Kathleen Kennedy, I don't think anyone would care if she even said this, but someone needs to say, "Hey, look, we understand that we've messed up. We understand we divided a fan base and we're going to do our best to make sure that we we unite everyone the way George did. That's it. They don't even need to say sorry. We know they can't do that. They can just be like, "Hey, you know what? We're aware and uh we just want to make some good stories going forward." So, it's so simple, man. It's so simple. You can win over so many people just by acknowledging you are wrong. >> I have failed you. >> It's not hard. People make mistakes. Look at Anakin Skywalker, you know. All right, chat. Love you guys. Let me know what you think about this. I get heated every time I see this kind of stuff because it's like, you know, Mark Hamill, where were you all these years? You should have spoken up a long time ago and you should speak up now. Definitely. And you know, like when all is said and done and you know, you're no longer acting anymore. Let's say you're not getting paid by Disney or whatever or you got all the money in the world, like it, you got to be true to your values. And I know deep down that you want to speak out. So just speak out. Like stand up for like what would young Mark Hamill say? No, this is some company came in and took over George Lucas's story and they're treating it like this and they made you do this. Come on. I just think that there's so much good that can be done if you just speak your mind about how you feel about this and a lot of us can start to heal. The fandom can start to heal and be like, "Shit, okay, yeah, hey, great." And there would be less fighting. I think The Last Jedi will always be a source point for me and for a lot of people. Um, I don't think of it as canon in my mind. It doesn't exist. So, I don't even know why I get heated. I guess I do because uh deep down I know that's the only visualization of Luke Skywalker after Return of the Jedi that we got. And we never got to see Han Solo, Leia, and Luke together. And we never will, unless it's going to be some deep fake actor sort of thing. It's unfortunate. It is what it is. And I hope that we can learn from it going forwards and expect something better in movies where they honor the story, the legacy, and the characters. Because at the end of the day, that is all we look for. That is all we want. We don't care the color of your skin. We don't care your gender. We just care for a good story that can move us, inspire us, and elevate us. That's all. That's all. Love you guys. Have a great day. May the force be with you always. Now fulfill your destiny. [music]