Hey guys, welcome back to Clownfish TV. This is Neon and we're going to do an update on the situation with Paramount buying Warner Brothers. Apparently, there's a new wrinkle. It looks like 10 cent wants in on this thing, too. Uh, it's very interesting. Um, I did not realize that that was an option, but apparently according to Bloomberg, 10 cent is said to be back on Paramount Warner Brothers deal with a fresh with fresh funding. So, what does this mean exactly? Well, we're going to take a look at that. Um, because this is on top of the Saudi infusion that they're getting. So, I know a lot of people are celebrating uh Paramount getting Warner Brothers. And I think of the the two options between Paramount and Netflix, definitely uh Paramount was the the the best option, right? But I do have concerns about the foreign interests buying into all of these entities. Uh we'll we'll take a look at this. Uh before we get into it any further, please subscribe for more pop culture news views and rants, guys. Um yeah, so this is coming from Bloomberg. We'll talk about that. Then we'll talk about uh you know Wired and some other publications losing their collective uh shisnit over the Ellison's owning a huge chunk of Hollywood a huge chunk of the media landscape. Um again this has come from Bloomberg. Tencent is said to be back on Paramount Warner Brothers deal with fresh funding. Okay so 10 cent intends to invest several hundred million in Paramount Sky Dance Corp's acquisition of Warner Brothers Discovery Inc. The Chinese company would be acting as a passive financial investor passive according to people familiar with the situation. Tencent might still decide not to invest and it could take a while for the deal to be completed. So the Chinese company will be acting as a passive financial investor. The people said asking not to be identified because the matter is private. Paramount's offer for Warner Brothers in December include a $1 billion equity commitment from Tencent. Okay. So they were involved according to a filing at the time but that was withdrawn. Okay. after Warner Brothers raised concerns that a Chinese company's presence could lead to national security challenges with US regulators and they've been through this. The Ellisons have been through this because they're involved in the uh Tik Tok situation, right? So yeah, they they know how that's going to go down. After Paramount raised and amended its offer, Warner Brothers agreed to sell the David Ellisonle company in a deal worth 10 billion. Tencent might still decide not to invest, the people said, adding that it could take a while for the deal to be completed. Reps for Tencent and Paramount declined to comment. Is this why they're shutting down all these Western studios? Is this why they're laying people off to try to save some money for this? I don't know. Um, are they interested in the Warner Brothers games division? Is that what they want? Like Mortal Kombat? I don't know. Chinese ownership of US assets has been a cause for concern in Washington, resulting in a deal for social media Tik Tok uh Tik Tok's US operations this year. Super Supercell Oi, a Finnish video game company owned by Tencent, said this month is cooperating with the US security probe of his Chinese parents' data practices. Tencent already holds a minority non- voting stake in Paramount. Okay, I didn't know that. Um, it also has co-inance films produced by Sky Dance such as Terminator: Dark Fate. Oh, yeah. They got a huge return on that investment and helped with marketing and distribution of the studios blockbuster since its strategic investment in Sky Dance in 2018. Paramount's acquisition Warner Brothers is funded by 47 billion 47 billion dollar in equity backed by the Ellison family and Redbird Capital Partners. Other strategic financial partners may join at closing which is also backed by 54 billion of debt commitments from Bank of America, City Group, Apollo Global Management, etc., etc., etc., etc., et, etc. Now, what could be a fly in the ointment is that the Trump administration is debating allowing 10-centent to keep its gaming stakes. So, the Trump administration might actually be cracking down on 10 cents investments. Would they even be allowed to invest in Paramount? And this is so weird because again, everybody likes to point out that the Ellison's are are Trump friendly, but uh we'll cover this because I don't think we've talked about it here on the channel. Uh, so the White House is debating whether to allow Tencent to keep its stakes in major video game groups in the US. Top officials have held internal meetings to assess whether Tencent's investments in US and Finnish gaming firms pose a national security risk. Uh, meeting among several cabinet officials scheduled uh for Tuesday, that would have been this week, to review the issue was postponed due to scheduling issues. Reuters could not immediately verify the report. Uh, the White House and Tencent also did not immediately respond to Reuters's request for comment. Hong Kong listed Tencent holds a stake in US video game developer Epic. We did know that the creator of Fortnite in 2016, it bought a majority stake in Supercell, the Finnish mobile game maker behind Clash of Clans for $ 8.6 billion. Is Clash of Clans really worth $8.6 billion? So, yeah, if if uh the White House is cracking down on 10 cent, I don't know if that's even going to go through, right? So, let's um let's talk about this because this is this is really what is getting a lot of people. Um the politics behind the acquisition and everybody is freaking out. By everybody, I mean all the major media outlets are freaking out at the uh possibility that the Ellison's could control not just CBS News but CNN. And I think the dominoes are going to fall. And I'm going to tell you the truth right now. um websites, media outlets like this, cable, television, all this shit's dying. It is dying. This is not how people consume news anymore. So, it's going to be really really interesting to see, you know, how how this is going to play out. Uh, and this could be the kill shot, I think, for a lot of these outlets, which is why they're freaking out, because if you have the Ellison's control, again, CNN and CBS News, whatever, and you're going to have all the the boomer right-wingers, you know, going over to to those media networks, right? Uh, they're not going to watch the MS now or what the hell it's called. They're not going to they're not going to go your stupid website. People aren't going to stupid websites anymore. That's why any website you go to anymore has uh popup ads for like support this website, oh paywalled content, blah blah blah blah because they're desperate. Um they had, you know, a decade decade and a half where they grew grew grew from again money that wasn't really theirs. It's venture capital or or uh USA ID money or whatever it was. And now they have to pay for themselves and they can't. And Google has actually collapsed that whole ecosystem. So, your friends at Google, there you go. Wired. That's why you're not getting the traffic you used to get. No, actually, what's going on with Wired? I'll just go out here and talked about this before. Um, Wired talks mostly about politics now. Like, it's ICE Ice Ice. Um, it's it's insane. They used to be more of a tech company, but now they're all politics because that's what gets hits, right? Anyway, this is um this was the end of February, but we we'll talk back because they're freaking out. everything Larry and David Ellison will control Paramount buys Warner Brothers. All right, so CBS and CBS News, uh, HBO and HBO Max, CNN, this is what this is what they're worried about. Well, CNN's ratings dipped last year. It remains a news juggernaut in a top five cable network. Does it? Is it really? Featuring household names like John King, Caitlyn Collins, and Anderson Cooper, who announced he'll be leaving 60 Minutes. bribe because of Barry Weiss because of the Ellison's but yeah he's not gonna he's not gonna have an easy time over at CNN DC comics Harry Potter I'm surprised oh my god they actually mentioned Harry Potter without talking about what a bigot JK Rowling is amazing Tik Tok yes so a lot of people on Tik Tok do not realize Ellison's now own a big chunk of Tik Tok 15% of it which means Tik Tok is probably going to swing more Right. But like they got to figure something out with Tik Tok. Tik Tok is a great platform with a lot of reach that makes no money for its creators unless you get brand deals. Like there the advertising revenue over there is dog It's worse than YouTube. Uh Star Trek, uh Warner Brothers Studios, Comedy Central, Avatar Studios. That's a total separate thing. So that'd be the uh the Avatar movies. Bunch of cable channel. I like how they just throw everything else. A bunch of other cable channels, networks, food network, HGTV, Discovery, blah blah blah blah blah. other key franchises, uh, Mission Impossible, Lord L Wait, Lord of the R. No. Oh, yeah. Warner Brothers. Yeah. Lord of the Rings, Mission Impossible, and Dune. Um, there's a whole bunch of stuff they're going to own. So, yeah, that's why they're freaking out. But, I don't know how it's going to go cuz if you let Tencent buy into that, then they're going to have a stake in all those franchises as well. But, uh, I don't know. We'll see. We'll see what happens. We got to wrap it up. Please subscribe. We'll talk later.