Twitch streamer Emirou is currently being accused of being an ICE sympathizing Nazi by Twitter activists all because of this one minute and six second clip where a viewer asked her her thoughts on ICE and she responded by saying quote I get people wanting big content creators to say their opinions on important topics but it's like if you need a streamer that doesn't know anything about politics to tell you about politics you probably just need to get off the internet. The YouTube copyright bots might not like the music in the background of that clip, so I unfortunately won't be playing it. But that is verbatim what she said. As mentioned, this sent the Twitter activists into a frenzy. For example, this Hassan groupy denims responded to that clip saying, "Never thought I'd see the day we'd be fencitting the modern Gestapo and calling Emu a racist chud." Wow, that sure means a lot, doesn't it? Monkey Vtuber Banana Guju responds to Denims saying, "Racist for not saying anything. make it make sense. Well, the funny thing about that is, yeah, that's actually part of the Twitter activist playbook. They say things like, "Silence is violence." In other words, if you're not actively outspoken against the things that they want you to be against, they say that you're the same thing as someone who advocates for those things. It's simply a way that they try to browbe people into submitting to their demands. SAG AFA is a notoriously corrupt union that screwed over the health care plans of senior citizens and became even more disgraced just last year during the failed 2025 Hoyover strike where many English voice actors went mask off and permanently ruined their reputations. Well, this sag after voice actor Damen Hos would waste no time virtue signaling at Emor's expense in this tweet that he made. Hey, it's actually super easy to stream and have opinions. I'll show you. Screw ICE. Screw Donald Trump and everyone in his administration. Screw Elon Musk. Free Palestine. US is stolen land built by stolen people. Luigi did nothing wrong. Abortion is healthcare. Leave trans people alone. Wow. Repeating the exact same virtue signals that every cronyistic SAG after VA has. It's a very brave man. Very impressive. Hassan groupy and typical SAG VA aside, we also have this random Twitter activist getting almost 4,000 likes saying, "If you're above the age of 21 and are not political, I'm going to assume you're dumb." There's thousands of tweets making the exact same virtue signals over that clip, some getting tens of thousands of likes, but it's really a self-report by Twitter activists showing how out of touch they are. Because the reality is most people are not political or they follow politics very loosely. Anyways, that's the situation and of course just a very small sample of the many offended people on twitter.com. But let me know what you think and have a lovely weekend.