Hey guys, welcome back to Clownfish TV. This is Neon and we're going to give you a little bit of an update on the Netflix takeover of Warner Brothers. Uh it might be a couple of flies in the ointment here. We're going to talk about Paramount upping their bid. We're going to talk about Donald Trump asking for this Susan Rice to exit the board and then Ted Sarandos is getting into it with Donald Trump. uh it's going to turn into quite the spectacle. And I got to wonder if uh before it's all said and done if if Paramount isn't going to wind up with Warner Brothers. I I really got to wonder like something something I'm using air quotes here. Something is going to happen. They're going to wind up with Warner Brothers and then uh oopsy dipsy there goes CNN. I'm I'm just saying it feels like that is something that could potentially happen, you know, cuz anything can happen this year. even aliens. So, let's uh let's talk about this. Before we get to it any further, please subscribe for more pop culture news, views, and rants. Guys, this come from the rap. Justice Department opens antirust investigation into Netflix's bid for Warner Brothers Discovery. The broad query is a routine but significant step as rival bids near a critical point. Okay, so the Justice Department has opened an antirust query into Netflix's proposed acquisition of Warner Brothers Discovery, a routine but significant step that involves issuing civil investigative demands to filmmakers and producers as the rival bids for the media company near a critical decision point. So, the DOJ's antirust division is seeking documents and sworn responses related to Netflix's $83 billion offer for Warner Brothers Discovery Studio and streaming assets according to copies of the demand reviewed by multiple people. They have until March 23rd to reply. In the demand, the Justice Department said it is investigating whether the proposed transaction would substantially lessen competition or create a monopoly, citing potential violations of federal statutes, including section seven of the Clayton Act and section two of the Sherman Act. Now, here's where I think it's going to get interesting. Look, I've said before if Paramount gets it, that's cuz Trump wants Paramount to get because he's friends with the Ellison's. But also from the antirust standpoint, they could possibly argue that Netflix buying, you know, HBO Max is Netflix is already the 800 pound gorilla in the streaming space and they buy HBO Max. Nobody is going to have a chance like you cannot start another streaming service at this point because you've got Disney on the one side with Fox and that whole thing was that was a mess, too. I don't know. They might actually argue that Paramount would be the better choice because Paramount Plus is kind of a non-starter and then you're just adding, you know, HP. I I don't know. I don't know how it's going to go down, right? The probe comes as Warner Brothers Discoveries Board approaches the end of a weeklong review of competing bids from Netflix and Paramount, which is pursuing its own acquisition proposal through a David Ellison controlled entity. Um, they're going to vote on that March 20th. The DOJ inquiry is expected to add months to the regulatory timeline for any transaction involving Warner Brothers Discovery uh regardless of which bidder prevails. Netflix said it is prepared to cooperate with regulators and rejected suggestions the deal would create monopoly power. The antitrust probe began several weeks ago according to people familiar with the matter and intensified in recent days with the civil investigative demands. The outcome of the DOJ uh DOJ investigation could determine whether any acquisition of Warner Brothers moves forward this year or faces prolonged regulatory review. It's very possible that some people in Washington throw a wrench into it. So, it faces prolonged regulatory review. We've not been given any notice or seen any other sign the DOJ is conducting a monopolization investigation. All right, so let's talk about Paramount. So, here's here's a potential uh issue, right? Uh Warner Brothers stock holds support as Paramount preps a new offer. So, they said they're going to look into giving them more money, right? Um they said being the subject of a bidding war did wonders for Warner Brothers once bleaguered stock. Shares rose more than 175%. Yeah, it was like 10 or 12 bucks a share before. Um, so Paramount has to submit a new offer to Warner Brothers today after the two companies on February 7th agree to restart negotiations. Um, they want $32 a share at that price. The new offer would be about 6.5% above the current bid. The move is Paramount's latest effort to outflank Netflix's effort to acquire Warner Brothers Studio. Once Paramount submits its revised proposal, which is due Monday, Netflix will have 4 days to match the offer. Should Netflix choose not to, it will presumably bow out of the bidding war. They're not going to. Netflix is not going to give this up. I could Yeah, this is going to get ugly. In an interview with Variety last week, Netflix coco Ted Sarandos declined to say what the streamer would have to do in response to Paramount's bid. However, he did say Netflix would not overpay for Warner Brothers. We're super disciplined buyers. We have a reputation for such. So that I'm willing to walk away and let someone else Well, maybe let someone else overpay for things. We have a rich a rich history of that. That is what happened to Disney. Comcast ran the bid up for Fox and Disney overpaid for Fox and they got a pig and a poke basically. What did they get? They got the okay, the Alien franchise and the Home Alone and the X-Men, which nobody gives a about anymore except for Deadpool and Wolverine. Um, so they massively overpaid and that was Comcast, you know, just like running running the bid up. And then, uh, Rupert Murdoch took that money and he went and bought Tuby and he kept Fox News, which was profitable. And, yeah, so it was like, yeah, I don't know. Well, could this be like 4D chess? Could they be like, hey, let's let's uh nuke Paramount. Let's make them overpay for Warner Brothers. Who the hell knows? Who the hell knows? Um, so anyway, we're going to talk about this. This is this was kind of interesting. So Trump got into it again. I mean, when isn't he getting into it? But he got into it with uh Netflix board member Susan Rice and Ted Sarandos is calling him out now. Now Ted Sarandos was calling out was calling out James Cameron before and nobody really knew who Ted Sandos was until all this happened because he kind of kept a low profile I think. But uh yeah, so they said Trump's post on Truth Social on Saturday read, "Netflix should fire racist Trump deranged Susan Rice immediately or pay the consequences. She's got no talent or skills. Purely a political hack. Her power is gone and will never be back. How much is she being paid and for what? Thank you for your attention to this matter." President DJT. So Rice was on this podcast as a Pit Bajara. I I've never listened to them. I have no idea. But it's a podcast about uh corporate stuff. So for corporate interest, law firms and media. So everything's kind of swinging to the right now. Right. So Susan said it's not going to end well for them. For those that decided they would act in their perceived very narrow self-interest, which I would underscore as very short-term self-interest and take a knee to Trump, I think they're now starting to realize, wait a minute, this is not popular. Trump is not popular. She said there's likely to be a swing in the other direction and they are going to be caught with more than their pants down. They're going to be held accountable by those who come in opposition to Trump and win at the ballot box. If these corporations think that Democrats when they come back in power are going to play by the old rules and say, "Never mind. We will forgive you for all the people you fired and all the policies and principles you violated, all the laws you skirted." I think they got another thing coming. We're not going to play by the old set of rules when these guys are playing by a different set of rules. We're going to play by the law. We're not going to violate the law like they did, but we're not going to be suckers. Well, it's interesting because depending on who's in power, right? Depending on who's in power, the other side always thinks they're abusing power, right? Um, so the pendulum is swinging hard to the right now. and it's swinging very hard to the right because Democrats had control, liberals had control of everything for a very long time in the entertainment industry and they're really pissed about it. But I would say in in that regard, she's not wrong. Uh if if the Democrats get back in power, there's there's going to be tip for tat and rinse and repeat. And that pendulum is going to push harder. It's going to swing back harder every damn time. Um, you know, I liked it better when we didn't, you know, we didn't have such tribalism in this country, but so Sarandos didn't comment on the calls for her firing, but emphasized the Netflix Warner deal was not about politics. Yeah, this is a business deal. It's not a political deal. This deal is run by the Department of Justice in the USA and regulators throughout Europe and around the world. When pressed again on Trump's comments on race, he said, "Yeah, he likes to do a lot of things on social media." Um, yeah. So, it's going to be it's going to be a very interesting situation. I I do think there is a there is a very distinct possibility that Paramount might wind up with Warner Brothers. I think it's there's there I mean I could be wrong. They could like throw a bid out there that's terrible. As of the recording of this video, uh they haven't submitted their bid yet, but it is very very possible that they do wind up with with Warner Brothers just because there's some snafu or intentional something in in Washington, right? Uh so that's going to be really interesting to watch. There's going to be a lot of meltdowns for sure, but there will be I'm telling you um there there will be vengeance if the pendulum swings the other way because that's how things just work now. And it sucks. It does. It's like we are definitely a house divided, but uh there it is. Welcome to 2026. Well, maybe aliens will show up before this takes place and we don't have to worry about any of it. Yeah, I don't know. Uh please subscribe for more pop culture news, views, rants. We'll talk later.