You know, if there's a lesson to be learned from the recent manufactured outrage at the BAFTAs last week, it's that there's a lot of people in this world who like to pretend they're doing good, who see words like empathy and compassion as tools to be used when it suits them, rather than principles to live by, even when it might prove difficult. But on the other hand, it's nice to be reminded that there are in fact good people in this world. people who face seemingly insurmountable challenges and fight unwinable battles every day of their lives only to face scorn and ridicule for their efforts. Such is the case with I Swear, a movie based on the true life story of John Davidson, a workingclass man from Scotland who suffered from Tourette's syndrome most of his life. The story takes us from his early struggles with the condition as a boy, the devastating effects it had on his life and the people around him, his slow and difficult battle for acceptance, and finally his work to raise awareness of the condition and help other people just like him. And holy [ __ ] is it good. Combining a superb cast who all deliver brilliantly natural performances led by Robert Aramo who might be doing the best work of his career. Great writing and direction that never loses its sense of pace or tone and a story that takes you on a narrative roller coaster with an emotionally satisfying ending that never feels contrived or Hollywoody. I Swear is a superb movie that deserves all the recognition it's getting. So, let us discuss it in a bit more detail, shall we? The story kicks off in Scotland in 1983 with a 12-year-old John Davidson who's about to start high school. And when we first meet him, he seems to have everything going for him. He's confident and popular, academically bright and gifted at football to the point where he's being scouted to play professionally. Then, something a bit odd happens during his first term at high school. He starts to experience ticks, strange little twitches and head movements, noises that come from nowhere. And before long, he starts blurting out the kind of curses and insults that would make an Australian blush. Nobody seems to believe that this is all involuntary. Soon he's in trouble at school. His friendships vanish as people distance themselves from him, and even his family starts to unravel. Holy [ __ ] it's morning mortal. >> I tried putting it in the water if I were you. >> Sorry, I just got a bit distracted there. Anyway, everything seems to be falling apart around him, and the worst part is that everyone blames Jon himself for it to the point where he even tries to end his own life out of sheer despair. Needless to say, he survives the attempt. But one thing is clear, he's going to have a very difficult life ahead of him. Flash forward to the mid90s, and Jon's now a grown man, still struggling with his condition, and still living with his mom, who's clearly burned out by this point and can't stand being around him anymore. This is when he runs into an old school friend who's come home to care for his terminally ill mother and invites Jon round for dinner. Now, naturally, this is the kind of scenario that Jon absolutely dreads because he doesn't want to embarrass himself around strangers. But it's also where, for once, life throws him a bone in the shape of Doy, his friend's mother, who used to be a mental health nurse and recognizes the struggle he's going through. Rather than being embarrassed or frustrated by his Tourette's syndrome, she just accepts it for what it is and encourages Jon to accept it as well and stop apologizing for something he absolutely can't control. Before long, he's moved in with them and started to rediscover some of his old confidence and ambition. He lands a job working at a local community center and even strikes up a friendship with Tommy, the elderly caretaker who accepts his condition and doesn't judge him for it. A simple humble life it might be, but for Jon it feels like he's taken gigantic leaps forwards. It's not all smooth sailing though, and as hard as he tries, he can't escape the condition that's blighted most of his life. Fights with people that he accidentally insulted, run-ins with the police, bullying, and constant mockery are reminders that he'll never have a truly normal life. And at one point, he even ends up in hospital after a brutal beatdown. Still, somehow, he finds a way to pick himself up and keep going. And as time passes, he becomes an advocate for Tourette's sufferers all across the country, advising police and local councils on how best to deal with them and working with young people suffering from the condition. Just as his life was once turned around by a few key people with empathy and understanding, so he's able to do the same thing for others. And by 2019, his work has even earned him an official award from the Queen. A man who very nearly ended his own life before it even began because nobody understood him. now presented with one of the highest awards in the country and more importantly finally recognized for who and what he is instead of being defined by his condition. You know, I really don't know where to start with I swear except to get the obvious point out of the way first. This movie made me feel really [ __ ] good. It reminded me that there are good people in this world despite what you see on social media. Many of them fighting battles that you can't see. battles that don't have big dramatic conclusions where everyone lives happily ever after so much as incremental wins that slowly turn the tides. And I think that's really what I Swear is getting at. John's story doesn't have a typical Hollywood ending where he magically overcomes his condition or achieves some epic quest he's been on his whole life. It's a quieter, more grounded kind of story of a man's ongoing fight for acceptance and understanding. A fight that, as we learned last week, never truly ends. It's a harsh and unflinching movie a lot of the time, and it never tries to sugarcoat a story that was neither short nor easy. But just like in real life, it's the lows that make the highs so satisfying. And this film has plenty of both. You're rooting for Jon to succeed, and you can't help but cheer every little win. From landing a minimum wage job to getting his own flat for the first time, which makes the setbacks all the more painful when they come. his agonizing attempts to explain himself to his teachers at school. The dinner that gets ruined by his ticks. The savage beaten he takes for a minor incident that wasn't even his fault. A complex tapestry of wins and losses that all add up to a challenging but rewarding life. And it's all hammered home by excellent performances all around that feel so grounded and natural. It's like you're not even watching a movie. Maxine Peak was awesome in Say Nothing, a show that I'd definitely recommend if you've got any interest in the troubles in Northern Ireland. But she's even better here as Doy, the maternal figure who steps up to support Jon when it's clear his real mother can't cope with them anymore. Veteran actor Peter Mullen is equally good as Tommy, the aging caretaker who starts out as Jon's boss, but eventually morphs into the fatherly figure he's been lacking for most of his life. There's just such a warmth and humanity to the guy, you absolutely can't help but like him. And just like the rest of the cast, he never feels like an actor in a movie. He talks and acts like a real person, not a Hollywood faximile of one. I know it sounds like the most obvious advice in the world. Don't act like you're acting, but it's amazing how rarely filmmakers and performers can actually deliver on it. All I can say is you know it when you see it, I guess. But the real star of the show is Robert Aramario as Jon given what I can only assume is the best performance of his career. Perfectly capturing the frustration, the elation, the exhaustion of a man fighting a constant battle against himself. Sometimes winning, sometimes losing big time, but always trying. And holy [ __ ] do you feel for the guy? It's a shame that Araio was best known to Americans for being in dog [ __ ] like Rings of Power because damn, man, he really proves his acting range here. His Scottish accent's so good, I actually had to check to see if he grew up here. But it's his portrayal of Tourette's itself with all the ticks and twitches that come with it that really impressed me. It would have been so easy for an actor to ham it up and make it look almost comical, but Araio nails it perfectly. One of the most heartwarming moments of the movie is when he sits down in a car with a troubled teenager suffering from the same condition, and they both just let it out, riffing off each other and just sharing a moment of mutual understanding. And I guess that's the big thing to take away from I Swear. It's not a story of triumph for success. It's a story about understanding. Understanding a condition that seems bizarre and nonsensical on the surface. Understanding that not all disabilities are as obvious as others. Understanding that there's more to a person than the label societies attached to them. If there is anything good to come out of the absolute [ __ ] storm swirling around the BAFTA awards, it's that a lot more people might feel inclined to watch this excellent gem of a movie. And they should. It hits American cinemas in a few weeks. And if you get the chance, I'd absolutely encourage you to give it a go. You definitely will not regret it. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.