Greetings, Culturians, and welcome back to the 
channel. Today, we have to talk about Jared Leto   and the fact that not only is he in the files, 
he's been super creepy for a very long time. And   we have a couple of stories we've got to dive 
into right now. So, stick with us and stick   around to the end cuz you won't believe how 
young some of these people were. Here we go. Now, before we get started, just a real quick 
reminder. I'm trying to get to 50K and with   your help I can. A lot of you have already 
subscribed or double check that you're still   subscribed and make sure that well you turn 
on the notification bell so that you don't   miss anything. Turn on all notifications, hit 
the thumbs up button and help out the channel   and I thank you. Let's jump into this story. This 
one coming to us from Okay Magazine which uh I'm   unfamiliar with but interesting source. They 
have a lot of interesting stories over there.   And Jared Letole was praised in a very weird uh 
Jeffrey email island boy himself years before   eccentric actor denied nine girls uh misconduct 
allegations that we're going to cover in just   a couple of minutes. It's interesting that 
his name is found there and I imagine more   references to him will be found. Uh it's not 
uncommon for Hollywood people to appear there.   just ask Karen Johnson, also known as Whoopi 
Goldberg. Regardless, a newly exposed emails   with again Island Boy and in the files themselves 
included a message about Jared Leto, who has faced   multiple misconduct allegations of an intimate 
nature against him. And on January 19 of 2015,   a redacted name sent the disgraced financeier an 
email that read, "Jarrett Leto did very well. What   about tomorrow's schedule? So, social media users 
are reacting to his name appearing in the files,   uh, you know, at Jeff's vacation location. Uh, 
and this is a very interesting post. While the   message could have been someone praising one of 
the Oscar winners roles or songs, countless social   media users thought otherwise, especially due to 
the winky face emoji. Letto's past controversies   and obviously Uncle Jeff's trafficking oper 
operations and assault scandal uh are not   hidden from public view, at least not any longer. 
So, it's not surprising he's a disgusting person   who would align himself with other perpetrators. 
wrote an individual on X of Letto while another   penned that is this finally going to sink him. 
I'm sick of him being cast in stuff knowing who he   is. He's a real freak. He has been abusing minors 
for decades now. Another open secret that nobody   seems to care about. A third alleged now that 
he's linked to Uncle Jeff. Are people going to   start paying attention? Letto was not mentioned in 
any other emails related to Island Boy's case and   has not been accused of participating in his many 
crimes. But there's a lot of scandal to go around   for Letto. And we'll look at the second story 
here also from our friends over at OK Magazine,   which I guess they repurposed somebody else's 
story, but creep Jared Leto accused by nine women   of predatory behavior when they were underage 
teens. And while this may not be surprising to   many of you, it's disgusting to me. To be fair, 
Jared Leto has, you know, never been somebody I   saw as a leader in a franchise, and he recently 
proved that in the latest Tron movie. Not only   that, his one DC experience and his one Marvel 
experience were both catastrophic failures.   Regardless, the story reads, "Actor Jared Leto 
has been accused of inappropriate behavior with   underage teens despite being aware of their 
ages." The allegations came to light after the   Los Angeles-based DJ Ali Tise recently reshared a 
2012 Facebook post to her Instagram story, leading   a news outlet to investigate further and receive 
comments from alleged victims. The quote reading,   "You're not really in LA until Jared Leto tries 
to force himself on you backstage in a kilt and   a snow hat." She wrote, "I was assaulted and 
traumatized by this creep when I was 17." Now,   honestly, is anybody surprised? I'm not. This is 
the kind of guy that you would expect to have an   interesting kind of approach to life when you 
have to consider that he was also been accused   of running a cult. Interesting. Interesting 
backstory. I would say went in to claim that   Dallas Buyers Club actor knew she was underage 
but didn't care, adding what he did was predatory   and terrifying and unacceptable. So, Letto knew 
teens were underage at the time. And this has   been a claim that's been made all the way back, 
as far as I can remember, in 2015. I had no idea   about the 2012 accusation. Yet, a second woman 
who remains anonymous claimed Leto made contact   with her when she was 16 years old at the Earth 
Cafe in 2006 in California. Now, I'm unfamiliar   with this establishment and this claim, but she 
stated that the House of Gucci actor was with his   rumored girlfriend at the time, Ashley Olsen. The 
accuser alleged that Leto grabbed her arm as she   walked to find a bathroom with a quote saying, 
"I looked down and it was Jared Leto." We had a   quick conversation and he got my number. Again, I 
am unsurprised. And we can continue on and on with   all of these claims. And likely these people could 
testify if they were ever inspired to do so. And   this might be the exact time that they gained some 
inspiration. Gerald Leto's sexual conversations   with accuser are being scrutinized at this point. 
The unknown alleged victim further claimed their   phone conversations turned sexual, adding he'd 
asked things like, "Have you ever had a boyfriend?   Have you ever performed?" and so on and so 
forth. Model Laura Laroo also came forward about   an alleged experience she had with Leto when she 
was 16 years old in 2008. The actor was 36 years   old at the time. Laroo explained what happened to 
the news outlet, saying she encountered the squad   actor at an animal rights benefit at the time. He 
asked how old I was. I said, "I'm 16. How old are   you?" The model claimed before noting he still 
asked for her phone number despite knowing her   age. "Woo! Yikes." Large shared with the outlet 
that she ended up visiting Letto's home in Los   Angeles in April of 2009. And while there, she 
said he was allegedly flirting with her and adding   he'd lean in close, then pull away like it was a 
game. Another woman claimed that around the same   time, Leto's assistant approached her inside an 
18 and older club where they requested her phone   number to give to Letto. And wouldn't you know 
it, Jared Letole pulls out his private parts.   My goodness. We ended up hooking up a little 
bit at the club, she said, adding that they hung   out a few times at his house, but he was weird. 
Look, I know people are kinky, and that's fine,   but his kind of kink, it just didn't feel 
right. Furthermore, another accuser who was   18 years old at the time of her experience with 
Letto claimed that when she went to his home, he   suddenly pulled out his package and started making 
himself happy. There's not a lot of great ways to   say these things. And in the middle of this story, 
I'm just going to say, would you be surprised? Let   me ask you, is this kind of behavior something 
that is tolerated in Hollywood, or was it? We   know all about the history of Uncle Harvey there 
in partnership with Disney. He was still getting   away with a lot of couch activities with people 
who were just looking for jobs. We also know   that there's a lot of people that were in contact 
with Uncle Jeffrey that were part of these kinds   of behaviors. This was some kind of sick club. And 
fortunately, I wasn't in it and neither were you,   I would assume. But Jared Letto's reps and him 
and he himself are denying all these claims,   which makes a lot of sense. The American psycho 
star was additionally accused by another woman   that when she was 18 years old, he would put on 
a show of really believing in her to lure her   closer into their acquaintance ship. Despite 
another accuser claiming everybody in LA knew   about his inappropriate behavior with underage 
girls, reps for Letto have strongly denied the   claims of the actor being a predator. One of the 
things you don't want to be called in Hollywood   or anywhere else for that matter is a predator. 
And that's understandable. Look, a lot of these   are accusations. He's never been found guilty of 
anything that I'm aware of, but it doesn't look   good in light of the recent revelations of an odd 
mention in an email. Why his name appears could   be for any number of reasons. As Karen Johnson 
recently reported via the view that she was on   the list and she was on the list in reference to 
the use of a private plane that was owned by the   island boy that her people were trying to get her 
a free ride to a charity event for Julian Lennon's   charity. Now all of these things could be claimed 
to be unrelated to Jeffrey's activities and that's   quite possible. But with Jared Leto, maybe, 
just maybe, there's smoke where there's fire.   In my opinion, we should be concerned. But what's 
your opinion? Let me know in the comments section   below. Is this just another snipe hunt where 
people are out looking for others associated with   Jeffrey as a way into having an conversation 
about inappropriate behavior in Hollywood?   Is it possible that he committed some lewd acts 
with people who were underage? Is this similar   to perhaps Christa Ilia uh being accused of 
soliciting photos from a 17-year-old girl?   Or is this more in line with the more heinous 
crimes that were finding out about Island Boy   and the people he hung out with like Bill Gates? 
Your answers are as good as mine. Just let me know   what you think in the comments section below. 
As always, be sure to take care of yourself,   take care of others, and until next time, we'll 
see you just not near any of these freak shows.