Yesterday, we saw the release of the first major trailer for He-Man and the Masters of the Universe. And that's why we've got these ready cuz we're going to go through it. Hi everyone, it's AZ here from Heel versus Babyface. The first major trailer for the He-Man film has just dropped yesterday and it's been a long time coming considering the movie isn't that far away. Now, a little bit of information about my He-Man can knowledge because I'm an old git and I grew up in a time where there was just an incredible amount of amazing certainly as a kid uh franchises. You had He-Man, you had Thundercats, you had Star Wars, you had Transformers, you had G.I. Joe, you had Lego, you had Visionaries. You you had just just like this huge amount of stuff. Didn't come from a particularly rich family. So So these picking up toys were were scarce pickings. I do recall though when I was about I want to say about 13 or so maybe 12 12 or 13 I had managed to scroll away with my pocket money enough coin to go to the shop and I wanted to buy a He-Man. So I remember going to the toy shop. Now being a nerd in those days was pretty much a death sentence. And I remember going into the toy store and getting the He-Man from the shelf and and handing over me me 20 pieces and and whatever to to buy it. And then it put him in a bag and then I left the store and your sort of hearts like pounding like the clappers cuz you need to you you want to get home before anyone realizes what you've you bought. And I I remember [laughter] almost immediately I took like 15 steps to the right of the toy store and I bumped into the school bully [laughter] and he was with somebody else. I can't remember who who, but he's with somebody else. And he's just like, "Oh, all right. What you what you bought?" AND I WAS LIKE, "NO, NO." And he sort of like opens me bag and he and he he sort of like picks, you know, pulls out the He-Man. He goes, "Oh, you got yourself a He-Man, eh? Okay." And I was just I was just waiting for the inevitable ribbing bullying. [laughter] And it never came. And he sort of just went, "All right." You know, wand, you know, wandered off. And I just remember getting home, getting him a He-Man. And I only had a He-Man and a Skeletor toy. But that was to me all you needed. The cartoon was fantastic. I used to love watching a cartoon. Always have that little moral message at the end. You know, the moral of today's story is uh don't shove a red hot poker at somebody's bum, you know, all that kind of stuff. Uh and the the aesthetics for He-Man were just so awesome. Eternia was great. Castle, Grey Skull, Snake Mountain, uh, Skeletor, never mind He-Man, Skeletor has one of the greatest rogue galleries that has ever ever been created for for toys and and whatnot. So, uh, there's there was loads to like the is it 1987 film with Dolph Lungren which had Tom Paris and Courtney Cox in it. Um, that wasn't good. at all. I mean, Dolph was built like He-Man, but the the film itself was was pretty terrible. So, what is the current day version going to be like? Well, I think I've done enough foreplay. Whack the headphones on. Let's go through it. >> All that stuff that only exists in [music] Legends and >> Okay, immediate stop. Um, this of course is the sorceress. This is the sorceress in a birdie format. And uh she's going to um uh was it King Railen or whatever? What's he called? Randor. That was it. King Randor's castle. >> Bedtime stories. >> O. Okay. I mean, aesthetically that looks that looks great. Castle Grace looks great. Uh maybe uh a little bit uh sort of greenier, but okay. You know, um not going to uh get uh too pedantic there. It looks cool. >> Talking tigers, spaceships. >> Talking tigers. Cringer >> and magic swords that can make a man as >> There you go. Sword of power. >> Where I come from, that's >> sorceress leaving again is real. >> Prince Adam as a kid. [laughter] That is one unmistakable hairdo. And then as an adult on Earth, MGM. Okay. Why did you send me away? >> I wanted you to be safe. >> Okay. So, um, Prince Adam during the war was sent away uh to protect him. Uh what was uh Skeletor called? Um Kellor, wasn't it? So uh is that going to be Kellor attacking and that's the result of this attack is going to turn him into Skeletor? I don't know. I don't know. Just, you know, brain farting here. >> So I sent you to a place I knew that they'd never find you. There is [laughter] No, THE PRONOUN GUYS HERE. OKAY. UH, this is this is clearly a play on words, isn't it? It's, you know, instead of he man, it's he him. I don't think it's even meant to be insulting to the mentally ill pronoun massive either. It's just a play on words. I don't think there's uh any more to read into it than that. this obsession with nerd [music] stuff and sword things, it's not a good look for human resources. >> Uh, being a straight white male isn't a good look for human resources. And also by who you put in human resources, you kind of just prove that by having a shaven head black woman. But, uh, you know, I don't know. May maybe this film's, um, sort of a little bit, uh, underscorebased, if you know what I mean. It's kind of like, you know, you know what's going on here. By the way, pink shirt, I like it. Reflective of Prince Adam in the cartoon. I never understood. That's one thing I never understood. I never understood how people never saw the difference between Prince Adam and He-Man. They looked identic. [laughter] Okay. But okay, let's carry on. >> I found your sword. >> I know it sounds crazy. >> Probably >> my sword is going to show me the way home. >> Uh, okay. So, it's like a onein-one um mythical He-Manesque barbarian and it's actually holding the sword of power, but they don't know it's the sword of power. By the way, just one thing. I I actually rather like the music for the trailer. It's uh it's kind of heartp pumping, you know, heart. So I I do I do quite like that actually. >> Sort of Arthuresque sword in the stone type of thing. Big gym sports camper. How much? How much are you looking for? Anyway, >> you can't do that. >> Don't worry. Uh, the sword's mine. >> This summer, >> it's about to get weird. >> Ah, so that was our first look. Well, first of all, that's the Is that the sorceress there? I think that was the sorceress there. >> Hang on. It's about to get weird. >> And uh then we got TA man. I I do know one thing. Man arms has been race changed. [sighs] One day, one day we will get our franchises the way that they were intended to be. You know, aesthetically, it won't be through Hollywood. It will be most likely through AI. And that's not a stab at any, you know, people of different ethnicities, whatnot. It's just about authenticity, that's all. Uh, but okay, you know, I would have liked to have seen the hair up a bit, you know, up in a bun, maybe a little bit more red. Uh, I don't think her outfit's particularly great when you we get to see a a full body, but um Okay. So taken from Earth back to Eternia. Yeah. You see the instead of having her in the uh the cut off there with the legs and the boots, they got her in in pants instead. Cringer looking very CG, I'm afraid. But okay. Uh man at arms looking looking like he's got locked in a sunbed for a year. And I'm not exactly sure who this is meant to be. I'm trying to rack my brain for for He-Man's Allies, and I just don't know. Anyway, somebody uh somebody in the audience will no doubt be able to. Let's just go back to that shot. So, look at this aftermath of um the fight. How long later? Don't know. You see, we seem to have this uh little bit of uh maybe bits of corruption on the side there. I will say this aesthetically like they're hitting some good beats here, but is it just me? Is it just me? I I just tend to see more the CGI. Yeah, it you you kind of just see the green screen, the CGI, and I wish I wish things looked uh a little bit more practical at times. See, I think this is man of arms again. I think this is man- arms again. Um Oh, he he already woohooed. Why? Why you got to do Duncan this dirty? I don't like I mean this looks like Duncan's a hobo. Maybe this, you know, this is oh well uh the castle's fallen. Uh he's no longer man at arms. You know, the the allies have been scattered type of thing. So he's he's sort of surviving. May maybe that's what they're going for here. But come on, Duncan's got a very specific look about him. >> What am I supposed to do? Hey, look. I mean, he's there. Look, they put him in the outfit here. If we can get if we can get back to that, didn't I? I missed it again. Let's jump back. There we go. So, uh, look, I mean, the costume looks great. They got the tash on him, you know. Costumes are very good. Apart from tieers, the costume the costumes have been pretty damn authentic. >> I supposed to do Oh, okay. Okay. Looks pretty good. I think looks pretty damn good for a skeletor. I think it looks pretty good. Take the sword. Oh. Uh, Fisto. We got a bit of Fisto going on. Bit of Beastman. Fisto. You protect them. Boom. sort of power. Here we go. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. That Let me just go about that is um crap. I wanted to say lock jaw, but that's what I give the misses. Uh trap trap trap trap jaw, isn't it? Trap jaw. Uh again, looks looks good. I mean, that looks like the um the the cartoon version. Beastman again on Earth. Oh. Oh, a little bit of evil in. Eh, a little bit. There we go. A little bit of evil in. [sighs] Guys, as a kid, you knew she was bad, but you knew you could you knew you could fix her. Cringer. Uh, turning into I mean, can we get a can we get a transition to Battlecat? Duncan doing a big jumpy poo. Lots of explosions, lots of AI. Uh, not AI, CG. Maybe AI. Who knows? nowadays. [laughter] >> I have the power. [screaming] >> Okay. Um, great stuffers in that. I I [clears throat] can't I know I'm going to say that this is probably going to piss some people off. I'm sorry. I got to say though, he he just doesn't feel big enough, you know? Oh, he just doesn't he doesn't feel big enough as He-Man to me. Particularly particularly here, you know. He's got the outfit. Great. Yeah, he's got the outfit. Great. You know, and he's not it's not as if he's small, but he just there's just something about it. I'm sorry. Bam. Oh, Snake Mountain. And there he is. There's your boy. There's your boy, Skeletor. He looks great. Look at And look, even a staff. Come on. At least, you know, come on. Uh, and that is that is uh your trailer for for He-Man and the Masters of the Universe. Okay. Overall, look, uh, there was plenty more there that I liked that I didn't like. Um, a couple of little nitpicks here and there, but other than that, aesthetically, it's got the same vibe. I I think from a tonal perspective, they are very much trying to target um, a younger audience, and there's nothing nothing wrong with that at all. you're not, you know, they're not making [ __ ] He-Man for 50-year-old men anymore. Uh, so I kind of I kind of like the tone. I kind of like the tone about it. It seems to have a a little bit of levity to it, but when they're doing the fights, uh, it looks like they're sort of in it to win it. Um, I'm not expecting miracles from this film by any stretch of the imagination. I'm probably expecting it to be pretty, you know, middle down the middle of the road sort of thing. But, uh, if this could just put some smiles on faces, I think, uh, I think I'd be decently happy with that. But, um, I would say I've got a far more positive uh, perspective of this than a negative one. But, let me know what you guys and gals think in the comments section down below. And I'll see you in the next video. Well, YOU TAKE CARE. GOODBYE, MALO. [music] >> [music]