What's going on everyone? Jeremy here from the quartering and this is an absolutely massive story. We already kind of knew that these meta glasses just like Google Glass were going to end up being just a tool for mass surveillance. Well, a brand new uh you know amount of research and lawsuit now proves that they are probably worse than anyone imagined. And uh there's even apps that are coming out now that alert you to when somebody is wearing them in the room. This is not anything something anyone agreed to. And I think these smart glasses should be outlawed because I didn't you know look in public places you can film where there's no reasonable expectation of privacy. But workers in Kenya are reviewing your most intimate video footage completely uncensored. I mean, this is actually crazy. Uh, before we get into the story, super huge shout out to this video sponsor. Real quick, MCG Tactical. Looking for a dependable site that helps you stay on target without spending a fortune? Meet the Stinger combat site from MCG Tactical. Built for people who want solid performance and durability for a fair price, the Stinger's Clear Optic is a simple design that makes it easy to zero in fast and get consistent results. Whether you're at the range or out in the field, it's tough, lightweight, and made to handle real use. No frrills, just performance where it counts. Right now, MCG Tactical is offering a limited time deal. You can pick up the Stinger for under a hundred bucks with free shipping included. Supplies are moving quickly, so if you want a site that just works and keeps your setup on point, visit mcgac.com/quartering or scan the QR code to grab yours today. There's also a link in the description down below. Meta sued over AI smartlasses, privacy concerns after workers in Kenya are reviewing uh completely unclothed scenes, um hookup scenes, and other footage. Meta hired a Kenyon firm to review all video from people's AI glasses. And I mean all of the footage and stay tuned because you know the app that protects you against us. It's not a sponsor. I just want to tell people about it. [snorts] Welp Meta AI glasses reportedly sending sensitive footage to human reviewers in Kenya. Nairobi based contractors have seen footage is capturing bathroom visits, people unclothed, and people hooking up. According to an investigation from two Swedish newspapers, that's right. The report from newspapers Svenka I'm not even going to try to pronounce these. Meta is outsourcing video to a firm in Sama and a tech firm in Kenya where human workers pour over millions of hours of video to help train Meta's AI uh that is paired with the glasses. Let this random Indian guy explain it. Everyone's missing the real story here. Meta's Rayban glass glasses need human data ances uh annotators to train the AI. When you say, "Hey, uh Meta," and ask the glasses to analyze something. The video gets sent to Meta's servers, then routed to SAMA, a subcontractor in Kenya, where there are where they manually label objects in your footage. They see everything you recorded, intentionally or not. 7 million pairs were sold in 2025 alone. Every single pair generates training data that flows through human eyes in Kenya. Workers told Swedish journalists that they see people in the changing rooms, in bathrooms, hooking up, and accidentally filming their bank card details. One worker said, "We see everything from living rooms to unclothed bodies." I mean the if you if you want to think about this, we already had this scandal with Ring cameras, right? Where you know Ring cameras were filming everything all the time and they run that Super Bowl ad and everyone's like, "Whoa, I didn't know that." And you had to opt out of it. They were completely lambasted on the internet. People were pissed. Customers were mad that this stuff was automatically enabled. Add to that the fact that law enforcement can get access to your footage no matter what. Look at the um Nancy Guthrie case. Nancy Guthri's mom disappeared, right? She had a Ring camera but explicitly was not subscribed to the service which stores video data on Ring servers. Yet somehow the police got the footage from the Ring camera, which means that Ring, even if you're paying for it or not, is not only still recording all of your footage, but they're also making it available to law enforcement or whatever other agencies they're in bed with. This is almost certainly true of Meta Smart glasses as well. And there are millions and millions of them recording your every movement right now. See, AI isn't really AI. That's just a marketing label. These programs require large language models that can search and summarize vast quantities of data in a split second. But they require an army of human input to train them so they can provide accurate answers to users. Once the programs run out of data provided by humans, they stall out. Samo is also used by OpenAI to train its language model. Why? Well, because labor in Africa is cheap. If you could pay thousands of workers $2 an hour instead of $30 an hour to train your overhyped search bot, you save billions of dollars. The other advantage is anonymity. For companies, that is. If you were paying Americans to watch videos of fellow Americans undressing, hooking up, and and looking at their bank cards, they would probably be reporting that on mass to the media. But these Kenyan workers are not doing that. A former Meta employee reportedly told the journal that uh the faces and annotation data are blurred automatically, although workers in Kenya say it doesn't always work and some faces are still visible. Another person reportedly told the outlet that um a wearer's bank cards are sometimes seen in the footage they review as well. So, if you go to an ATM wearing those glasses, they see your bank card number, they see your PIN, and they're making $2 an hour in Kenya. I would almost not blame them for stealing your money. Then it pairs where with uh another company to make its glasses. This gl this lux Lxotica is an Italian company. It's a primary reason eyeglasses are criminally expensive. It not only owns the majority of eyeglass brands in the world including Oakley and Rayban but also many optometrist trains like Lens Crafters, Pearl Vision and Sunglass Hod. Uh it's also the largest eye insurer and a name brand eyewear coding brands met a partnership with a company that controls the eyewear industry likely cost him an arm and a leg. But the goal is to make the public adapt these glasses, adopt these glasses on mass. Something the nerds in Silicon Valley have had trouble doing in the past. I mean, the thing is Mark Zuckerberg as I think as early as like 20 years ago very famously, very famously would put electrical tape over all of his webcams and his laptop cameras. They know. They know, right? But they don't tell you that. Last year, Meta made some changes to its privacy policy that keep Meta AI with camera use enabled on your glasses unless you turn it off. Hey, Meta. It also stopped allowing wearers to opt out of storing their voice recordings in the cloud. Meaning if you wear these things, you're agreeing basically to allow Meta on Facebook to film every aspect of your life. Use that to make money. Then you are also willing allow you're willingly allowing $2 an hour Kenyon workers to see you and your wife being intimate, to see your dong when you're taking a leak, to see you in the bathroom, to see your bank card, to see you in the changing room, all of that. This is essentially a trust me, bro statement. These glasses are capable of mass surveillance that even random college kids can tap into. Two Harvard students paired Meta's Ray-B band smart glasses with facial recognition software. Uh they were able to access people's addresses, names of their parents, and photos within minutes of crossing paths with strangers. Don't love that. Look at this. We built glasses that let you identify anybody on the street. The information a tool collects from just a photo of your face is staggering. [laughter] >> Man, I'm scared. Oh my god. >> To use it, you just put the glasses on. Then as you walk by people, the glasses will detect when somebody's face is in frame. This photo is used to analyze them. And after a few seconds, their personal information pops up on your phone. >> Oh, this is me volunte. This is like from >> You're from Bergen Countyies. >> Yeah. >> Your your Korean name is Jun. [laughter] >> Uh Cambridge Community Foundation. Oh, hi ma'am. Wait, are you a Betsy? >> Yes. >> Oh, okay. I think I uh I think I met you through like the Cambridge Community Foundation right? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. It's great to meet you. I'm Kane. >> Uh yeah, that's what And that's what like just a few college kids can do. This is why there's an an app that alerts users that are they are being at risk of being filmed with smart glasses. Not ready for your close-up? A new app will be able to tell you if someone nearby is wearing smart glasses. Smart glasses often just look like regular glasses. So, if somebody nearby is wearing these luxury surveillance device, it's possible you're being recorded without your knowledge. The new app, fittingly named Nearby Glasses, scans for nearby signals from Bluetooth enabled devices such as Meta and Snap wearables and potentially other always on recording devices. Nearby Glasses works by listening for Bluetooth signals with a publicly assigned identifier unique to the devices manufacturer. If it detects a nearby device made by Meta or Snap, the app will alert the user. This is this is the crazy part, okay? It also allows users to add their own Bluetooth identifiers in order to detect an even wider range of wearable tech. First of all, yes, I'm going to have I'm going to well, I'll check into this app, make sure it's okay. But like, yes, I'm going to start doing that. But like the broader question is how come we have to like how come we have to everyone else has to install apps to protect ourselves from this? How come these, you know, these people walk in like let's say they're in their locker room at the YMCA or whatever, like you're in a private area. There is absolutely a expectation of privacy there. I did not opt in to being recorded. You didn't opt into being recorded. Yet, these things are everywhere. I get it. If you're holding a camera or you're holding your cell phone out, you can kind of tell if somebody's recording. Yes, I can kind of pretty much tell if somebody's wearing those stupid Ray-B band meta glasses, but the fact that they're always recording and that they're always sending data to $2 an hour Kenyon workers is something that I didn't know and I didn't opt into and I'm hoping that their users feel the same way, but I'm guessing they don't. This is just a a buyer beware out there. uh this meta needs to be sued into oblivion and these need and and businesses need to start banning these businesses just need to start banning them [snorts] all all you know outright. Uh this is crazy. Uh I hope you were informed by this video. If you were, please do leave a like on it if you haven't yet. Subscribe or follow down below and we'll talk to you again real soon. [music]