If you want women to make movies more often, women have to go see them. And they have to understand when they have to go see them to support them. And they have to go in droves. And they have to say they want to see them. >> Nerdroic.com. >> Greetings you over 1 million connoisseurs of common sense and the 40% who haven't subscribed yet. What do you get when you have a Hollywood Nepo baby rediscover her fanfiction that she wrote when she was a teenager through the feminist lens of somebody born on third base? That would be The Bride, a film from the daughter of director Steve >> and screenwriter Naomi, >> who also happens to be the sister of Jake >> Maggie. >> Well, hello, beautiful. And you are beautiful. >> What? >> Full disclosure, I was interested in this when it looked like Christian Bale was going to be in something that looked like Frankenstein's monster and the bride meets Sid Nancy. But once I saw Maggie >> yell inhaler >> complaining about studio interference and the horrible test screenings combined with the fact that IGN thought the film was too feminist and the media literacy crowd who really enjoys things like Joker Foy Adu complaining that all the bad reviews came from misogyny. There were more red flags being raised than San Francisco preparing for a visit from Xiin Ping. And then Warner Brothers, America's dumbest entertainment company, made the biggest mistake of them all, which is pretty consistent with all of their ilk in Hollywood. They actually released the film. And shocking news, it is going to be a catastrophic flop, possibly losing Warner Brothers 90 to $100 million. And despite all of those red flags, of course, my wife still wanted to see it for her birthday. And in a cruel twist of fate with 10 minutes to go, the theater lost power. What was the cruel twist of fate? It couldn't have lost power two hours earlier. Now, I eventually found a way to finish the movie because it wouldn't be fair to give a review on something I haven't seen to completion. Right, Grace Randolph? >> Nope. Not entertaining. Not worth my time. I got other stuff to do. So, >> and now that I've seen it, despite the fact that it is going to be one of the biggest bombs of the year and one of the more maligned films of the year, the question has to be asked, does it deserve all the hate it's getting? Absolutely. It is a try-hard, pretentious attempt to make a puck rock film that is also part art film, part absurdest comedy, part horror film, part crime drama that tries to be a bit of Sid and Nancy and Bonnie and Clyde, all while stomping you in the face with modern feminist messaging. And isn't it strange that in the last 6 months, we've gotten two adaptations of a book written by a woman, Frankenstein, or the modern Prometheus. >> It's pronounced Frankenstein. One directed by a man GM del Toro's Frankenstein on Netflix which was brilliant and the other directed by a woman Maggie >> it all >> that was an incoherent mess and the plot goes something like this the ghost of Mary Shel feeling that she didn't get to write her true version of Frankenstein due to the patriarchy wants to semi-possess a hooker in 1930 Chicago who we later find out is an informant for the police and her name is Ida and while on a date with a couple of mob lieutenants gathering information she gets possessed by Mary Shel and starts spouting off information that the mob boss doesn't want everybody to hear and has her whacked. In the meantime, Frankenstein's monster, who calls himself Frank or Frankie, played by Christian Bale, has been an incel for 100 years. And he, just like in the book, wants to get himself a girlfriend, except he waited 100 years to do it. So, Frank seeks out brilliant scientist Dr. Annette Benning because we need women in STEM. Mind you, this is all happening in the 1930s, and this is supposed to be some kind of message that women can't be scientists. Although, here is a video of Madame Cury being applauded, who won two Nobel prizes in the scientific field in the early 1900s. And I can hear the media literacy crowd now. It's not supposed to make sense. It's an art film. Well, it turns out Dr. Annette Benning is pretty brilliant. And after reading all of Dr. Frankenstein's notes, she's able to dig up a body and revive it pretty easily. >> Barely an inconvenience. >> Now, Ida has lost all of her memory. Doesn't even know her own name. And Frank and Dr. Dr. Annette Benning told her she was in an accident and that she's supposed to be married to Frank. The two of them break out of Dr. Annette Benning's house and the hijinks begin. They go to the cinema watching a movie with Frank's favorite movie star, Ronnie Reed, played by Jake. >> And they go to a 1930s club that's strangely like a modern club playing modern music. There you go. Showing your media illiteracy again. It's not about accuracy to the time. It's about the vibe and the message. And I would agree with that, Mr. media literacy. But even with a surreal art house film, it still needs to be good. Interestingly enough, in the same city where Jesse Smle was attacked by two African Trump supporters, two straight white male misogynists try to essay the bride and get their heads stomped in by Frank. Unfortunately, there just so happens to be a random citizen with a camera in the middle of the depression who takes a shot of them and they go viral. And now these two crazy kids are on the run while Ida is still trying to figure out what her true name is. And again, the whole point of the movie is Mary Shel is semi-possessing Ida so she could tell her true story. And so Ida can find her true self and her true name in a patriarchal world that has already decided all of her life choices for her. Speaking of the patriarchy, there's two cops on her tail. Well, one actually, Detective Jake Wilds, played by Peter Sarsgard, and his assistant, MNA Malloy, played by Penelopey Cruz, because she really looks like a Malloy. Now, we really could have used closed captions in the theater because due to her thick accent, I couldn't understand what she was saying half the time. But the twist here, and I bet you couldn't guess it, is Mirina Mallaloy is actually the brains of the operation, and Detective Wilds calls her his assistant while taking all the credit for all of her work. Detective Wilds even goes off to flirt with a couple of other male detectives who don't give Ma Mallaloy any respect while she does the real detecting which consists of finding a newspaper clipping of Ronnie Reed, Frank's favorite actor. And although she doesn't know any of this, Ma Mallaloy makes the connection that Frank and the bride are running across the country and watching movies and killing cops. The bride and Frank find themselves at a party with Ronnie Reed and Frank expresses his admiration but is quickly dismissed. At this point, I could say the movie was tolerable. And then it devolves into an intersectional feminist fever dream, starting with a random musical number that admittedly got a chuckle out of me when Christian Bale's Frankenstein's monsters screamed, "Putting on the rits." While the cops close in at the party, the bride is able to hold them off with a single gun while she monologues, spilling all the dirty secrets of the men in the crowd, including the mob boss, because now she speaks for the dead. And within this monologue, she says she's having a brain attack, which is a phrase that acts as a feminist rallying cry within the film and a symbolic act of resistance. And yes, there are random clips of women rising up with their face painted like the bride screaming #brain attack. So later on, we find out that Detective Wilds was using Ida as an informant, but the case got shut down. So she slept with him to reopen it, but he never did. So he felt guilty that she died. And the case involved a mob boss who was murdering women and ripping out their tongues. And I know the messaging might be a little subtle here, but I think that has something to do with silencing women. >> What? Meanwhile, the mob boss finds out that the bride, Ida, is still alive and wants to have her killed. And Detective Wilds, played by Peter Sarsgard, feels so bad for being a misogynist, he quits and hands over his badge to Penelopey Cruz, keeping in mind that this is in the 1930s. So now the cops in the mob are after Frankie and the bride. And Frankie finally has to tell the bride the truth. She wasn't in an accident. She was actually killed, dug up, and brought back to life to be his bride. In other words, there's another choice she couldn't make in her own life. Bride and Frank get pulled over, and she almost gets essayed by a couple of cops until they kill him. Frank, after telling the bride that he loves her for her mind, formally proposes to her, where she refuses and he's totally happy about it. Too bad the cops in the mob were closing in and Frank gets shot in the head. The bride is able to escape and she goes straight to Dr. Annette Benning who tells the bride that she is unable to revive Frank. And then the bride is shot by the mob lieutenant until the newly promoted detective Malloy, played by Penelopey Cruz, who doesn't look like a Malloy, tells the cops to bugger off so the women can talk because all assistants, including female assistants in the 1930s, can become detectives if somebody else just hands them a badge. So after clearing all the white toxic males from the room, Lieutenant Mallaloy, who doesn't look like a Mallaloy, tells Annette Betting she has all the time she needs to feminist empower them back to life. And it ends with the bride and Frank being revived while they hold hands. And while the credits are rolling, we see Detective WS apprehending the mob boss who like to kill women and collect their tongues and women who were inspired by the bride rising up and rioting against the patriarchy. And if you think this film sounds a bit familiar, you would be right because somebody at Warner Brothers thought it was a good idea to remake Joker Foy Adu. Right down to the bride being essentially Harley Quinn. No, not the good Harley Quinn from Batman the Animated Series. The nauseatingly annoying feminist icon Harley Quinn that we've gotten for the last decade. Now, let's address the Access Media for calling this one of the boldest studio moves ever. Turns out it will go down as one of the dumbest studio movies ever. And as far as bold is concerned, what a gutsy move in the 2020s to take an established story and retell it through a feminist lens. Never seen that before, particularly when this is based on a book written by a woman. And what a waste of Christian Bale and Peter Sarsgard. I hope the paycheck was good. Who both along with Annette Benning gave it their all, I guess, but they had nothing to work with. Jesse Buckley was all in with this. And the one compliment I'll give it is I liked her look, but that's about it. If I were to describe this movie with one word, it would also be the word that most people associate with modern feminists, annoying. Specifically, in the scene where the bride is talking to Mary Shel and she finally chooses her own self and her own name, which was the bride, symbolizing that she is truly free from the patriarchal construct. So, it doesn't surprise me that much at this point to hear that people were walking out of this movie. The only problem with this is people actually have to go see it to walk out of it. Considering again, this is a historic flop. The bride director Maggie Gyllenhaal's punk rock feminist reinterpretation of The Bride of Frankenstein flatlined at the box office with 7.3 million domestically and 13.6 million globally in its first weekend of release. That's a terrible result given that Warner Brothers spent $90 million to produce the rated our monster movie, not including the reported $65 million on marketing expenses. But if we're going to point the finger at somebody who is the most responsible for this film being made, apparently it's Donald Trump. when I really became a director was actually I think the first time um that the morning that Trump was first elected >> and according to the access media Hollywood still has a female director problem and I would agree with them. >> We've had all these interesting films come out just this year. Khloe Xiao with Hamnet Lin Ramsey with Die My Love, Kristen Stewart with The Chronology of Water. But on the other hand, there's only 8% of films that were made by women and that's a seven-year low. I mean, what do you think that says? It's fine when we make little movies cute, you know, or like go make your little movie. Starts to get dangerous when women have their hands on a lot of money. >> It certainly is. And ladies, you can thank Maggie >> for setting back women directing films in Hollywood decades. But she has proven once again beyond the shadow of a doubt that we have achieved equality because women can fail just as much as men. derroic.com. >> You like what you heard, please like, share, and subscribe. If you didn't like what you heard, I thank you for listening this long. I will see you in the next video. >> It's all right. Listen, someone