Out of all the Marvel movies to come out in recent years, Thunderbolts is definitely one of them. In fact, it's probably the one I've been looking forward to the least. Not because I hate it or anything, but because I feel absolutely nothing towards it. It's the movie equivalent of an annual dental checkup. You know it's coming, but it's not like you're pumped up to get started on it or anything. And why would you be? It's just another by the numbers teamup movie featuring a bunch of B and Cless characters that most people can barely remember from films and TV shows most of us didn't watch taken on a nebulous threat that's poorly explained in a series of action scenes that look like they've been done a million times before. Not exactly compelling stuff but is it really as bad as we expected or does Thunderbolt somehow managed to pull off a surprise win? Well, let's find out together, shall we? The movie begins with discount Black Widow who's feeling sad and worthless because there's not much going on in her life outside of her work. And if that's not a neat encapsulation of modern feminism frankly, I don't know what is. Anyway after completing her latest mission to blow up a lab in Southeast Asia, she's sent by Discount Selena Meyer to infiltrate a highsecurity vault in the middle of nowhere where an enemy agent is about to steal a bunch of classified secrets. Now, a normal person might think it's a bit suspicious that discount Selena Meyer apparently knows exactly when and where she's going to get robbed. But well, I guess discount Black Widow isn't a normal person. But when she does get there, she finds John Walker, Ghost, and Task Manager waiting for her. It turns out they've all been sent here to kill each other in a kind of circular firing squad because Discount Selena Meyer is now under congressional investigation and has decided to erase all evidence of her dodgy activities, including everyone that she employs. Once they're sealed inside the vault, a self-destruct timer activates to vaporize the whole place. Not a great plan. Wow. It's lucky that they all happen to arrive here at the same exact time. Otherwise, this never would have worked. It's even more lucky that there was a 2-minute countdown to detonation, thus giving them fair warning and plenty of time to escape. It's even luckier that the power source for the sonic barrier preventing Ghost from unlocking the doors just so happens to be in the room with them. Really? Wow. Everything's just coming up thunderbolts right now, isn't it? So they make it out just in the nick of time, naturally. And it turns out they've got a new friend with them. This is Bob, a test subject for an experimental new program to create the sentry. Basically, Marvel's answer to Superman. The longer Bob's conscious the more his powers start to manifest until he's captured by Discount Selena Meyer and brought back to New York to be unveiled to the public. Luckily though Red Guardian shows up in a limo because he overheard discount Selena Meyer's entire plan when she was riding in his car because I guess super villains are happy to divulge their most intimate and damaging secrets in front of complete strangers. What are you [ __ ] There's just all kinds of convenient luck happening in this movie. So, the gang heads to New York to save Bob, but he goes a bit crazy and turns against everyone. So, discount Selena Meyer activates a kill switch. But then he comes back to life as Angry Bob and makes a big cloud of sadness that swallows up New York City. But that's okay because Discount Black Widow and the gang go into the sadness cloud and help Bob defeat Angry Bob by having a good old cry. And then everything goes back to normal and somehow they become the new Avengers. Son of [ __ ] I've said on various open bars that I expected Thunderbolts to be a relatively decent by the numbers and ultimately forgettable action teamup movie that would probably fail to make much of a splash at the box office. But boy was I wrong on that one. This movie is actually surprisingly [ __ ] and the biggest problems stem from the complete tonal whiplash that it gives you. On the one hand, there's actually a pretty interesting attempt to explore the impact of personal trauma, depression failure, a loss of self-worth, and a search for meaning and fulfillment in life. There's hints of this with Yolena and the rest of the gang, broadly mirroring the trauma that haunts and ultimately threatens to overcome Bob. And holy [ __ ] the performance by Lewis Pullman is by far the best part of this entire movie. The guy is able to switch from befuddled innocence to haunted victim to a terrifying god-like entity in the space of a single scene. And if anything, I wanted to see more of this [ __ ] The problem is the movie doesn't have time to give this stuff the narrative depth than it needs. And it ignores most of the struggles of the rest of the team altogether. Why? because we need to make more time for Marvel humor, protracted action scenes pointless exposition, references to stuff that most people didn't even watch, and more Marvel humor. And this brings me on to by far the biggest problem with Thunderbolts. It's a tiny kernel of an interesting and serious idea buried under a mountain of all the usual [ __ ] that blightes Marvel movies. It's like they heard all of the memes about the formulaic nature of their films and instead of correcting themselves to counter it, they decided to lean even harder into it out of pure [ __ ] spite. Not since She-Hulk have I watched a Marvel project trying so desperately hard to be funny and failing so spectacularly. The character development in this movie is completely [ __ ] Ghost is a character that I barely even remember from Ant-Man 2, so this would have been a perfect time to give her some actual personality and a narrative arc. Instead, she does almost nothing throughout the whole movie. Her powers are nerfed whenever they'd be inconvenient to the plot, which is most of the time to be fair. And I was left wondering why she's even in the film. John Walker exists for no other reason than to be wrong about everything and constantly mocked and belittled by the strong female characters around him. You know, like basically every other Marvel movie since Endgame, Red Guardians still an obnoxiously loud [ __ ] proving the point that just shouting stuff really loud isn't a substitute for humor. Buckyy's here because they couldn't think of anything else to do with his character. And as for ass Blaster, well, all I'll say is don't get too attached to her. Oh no. What? What happened? And for the life of me, I'll never understand why Marvel keep trying to make Yolena a thing. I mean, what exactly are we supposed to find appealing about this character? She's basically a shorter dumpier, less appealing version of Black Widow with a shitty Russian accent and played by a disinterested Florence Pew who practically faxes in her performance. She is way better than movies like this and she knows it. We're better than you and we know it. You know, there's a phenomenon here in my country that we call the Scottish cringe. A kind of inherited cultural embarrassment that we all feel because we all know we're a bit [ __ ] these days. We never say it out loud and we don't really admit it even to ourselves, but deep down we all feel it. And the reason I bring this up is that, well Thunderbolts is a perfect example of what I hereby dub the Marvel cringe. Watching this movie, I was struck by this weird feeling of embarrassment. Not just for the people making slop like this, but for me as the audience. Watching a bunch of Asian actors dressed up in their goofy outfits, reciting the hackne dialogue and the lame jokes, the physics defying action scenes and the overdramatic villains. It's like watching a teenager who's still playing with action figures or a woman in her 30s still listening to Taylor Swift songs or a middle-aged man still going to nightclubs. All of them stunted unable or unwilling to accept that the world around them is changing and it's time to move on. Now, the MCU practically defined the cinematic zeitgeist of the 2010s. And love it or hate it, you can't deny the enormous success it had. But that was a long time ago now. Times have changed and the zeitgeist has moved on. And movies like Thunderbolts now feel like dated unfashionable holdovers from a different era, from a franchise that can't or won't accept that it just isn't that relevant anymore. a bottom of the barrel kind of movie made to fill a release slot and keep the MCU grinding forward until the inevitable reboot comes along to start the whole process over again scraping together whatever crap happened to be available and throwing it against the wall in the vain hopes that something anything would stick. Well, I suspect that this one won't, making two failures in a row for Marvel this year. Now, it all hangs on Fantastic 4, and honestly, I wouldn't want to put odds on that movie succeeding either. As for Thunderbolts, I recommend you save your time and money and go do something better. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.