Apparently, Darth Maul has changed. Boy, we could sure use a Jedi Knight or two, he says now after being a bloodthirsty killer and wanting to kill the Jedi for a long time. Darth Maul's new Disney Plus TV series will show a changed version of the infamous Star Wars: The Phantom Menace Vinn. Let me first start off by saying yes, characters change. That's a part of life. It's a part of character development. Uh, how I feel about this one, I don't really know yet. Let's get into it. That's according to veteran Darth Maul voice actor Sam Witworth. Speaking to Star Wars insider, who has previewed his character's upcoming return by discussing how things have changed in the years since he killed Qui-Gon Jinn and then was cut in two by Obi-Wan. We picked up after the Clone Wars, Sam Witworth said, setting the scene. The Empire has taken over and Maul's reassessing everything. There were plans in place that were supposed to insulate him from the changes when the Empire came to power and a lot of the people that were supposed to be there for him were not. Like Palpatine, he's getting back on his feet. The dust is clearing and he's looking around at the Empire, the thing he and his master had been working towards since he was an apprentice and thinking, "Is this what Palpatine had in mind? How do I feel about this?" As the series will apparently show, Maul does not have a great feeling about this. What the Empire is up to and how it is simply a regime that exists for influence, power, and money. At the same time, Maul is also harboring changed thoughts on his former master following Darth Cidius's murder of Maul's brother, Saja Press. So, it's kind of like Maul is realizing that the Empire is it's kind of like what Lucasfilm became, Disney, you know, just about influence, power, and money. no longer about telling a good story. >> Twisted by the dark side. >> He was trained to hate and destroy the Jedi without ever questioning it. And it's interesting to see Sam Witworth talk about this cuz he understands Maul very well. You know, since the beginning now he's looking at the galaxy going, "Boy, we could sure use a Jedi Knight or two. At least with the Jedi, you knew where they stood. There's something to respect there. This Empire, he sees no value there. Just the naked grab for influence, power, and money. principles are gone. And he looks at that with a certain level of distaste. He may not have agreed with the Jedi Knights, but at least they had principles. You knew who you were dealing with and could reason with that. There's no reasoning with the Empire. All of that said, don't expect Maul to suddenly become a cuddly character. This show is bad guys versus worse guys, Witworth concluded, and Maul's on the bad guy side of that equation. Okay, so how do I feel about this? Essentially, this is like a um you know, the enemy of my enemy is my friend, literally. And Maul has now gone into this character arc of, you know, being this bloodthirsty Jedihating machine, right? He was a Sith assassin. He was essentially brought on board while Plaggus was around to kill Jedi just to to essentially be a tool. And that's kind of all Palpatine had is that he had tools. He called them Sith, you know, his apprentices and all that, but they were just tools until he found Anakin and turned to Anakin. Took about 13 years. And Palpatine was patient enough to do that. But in that time he had tools such as Maul, such as Dooku, Grievous. And Grievous was just essentially like a tool kind of a sort of um a poster boy almost for the separatists. So once Maul fell into the pit, then he turned into that spider thing and he started to really feel neglected from his master. Kind of like, you know, why did you abandon me? He had he has abandonment issues. And so you can even see like after he lost to Cidius again when him and Savage Press were fighting Cidius and Cidius killed his brother, he was still kind of loyal to him. He's like, "Please mercy." Then there was the comic run of Son of Datamir, which I hope that they adapt or at least show flashbacks of because it was arguably one of my favorite comics with Darth Maul and it shows like a just absolute cluster of everyone in there in the mix and what happened to Maul after season 5 where he was captured. He was tortured by Dooku. You know, the uh the Death Watch came and and saved him. They got him out of there. And then there was a battle with Grievous and Dooku and Cidius and Mother Talzin and Maul. It was a pretty wild comic. So, definitely he's had a ton of character development. He's gone through a lot. You know, the people he thought would be there for him have abandoned him, such as Cidius, and he really has no one else to turn to. But for him to say like, "Oh, damn. We could really use a Jedi Knight or two." I mean, I would always think that he's still too proud. Like, Maul is just a a a very egotistical, very proud, full of hubris, which is why he lost to Obi-Wan entity. And that's kind of his thing is that he doesn't need anyone. He doesn't want anyone. He goes alone kind of thing. And so, this whole idea of him now thinking that the Jedi aren't as bad as he thought, they're somewhat respectable. Um, I mean, I could warm up to it, but I just don't think that that is really Maul. I understand his character progression and I am all down for it. I think he's a very intellectual character and I think he's a very introspective character and I think he has the ability to adapt beyond. He could have been a great ally eventually. He's essentially the Vegeta of Star Wars and he has great potential if you know he wasn't killed off by Obi-Wan to have turned and still been you know like kind of a a rogue good guy like a bad good guy kind of thing. But this whole idea of him like I I don't know. I just don't How do you guys feel about it? Personally, I would have liked to have seen him still have disgust for the Jedi, not ever respect them whatsoever, cuz they still had the same ideals that they always had. Now, as for him talking about Palpatine being only about power and money, it's like, well, what what did you think he was about? It's like, we kind of knew that's what he was about. He was manipulating both sides of the war. He was leading through power. He was a dictator, you know, he was forcing everyone's hand and essentially like creating that blockade on ne like he it's not like Palpatine switched up. He just now became even more powerful and has more control, which is what they were kind of trying to do the whole time. So, I'm surprised why they're going this route and why Sam would be like, "Oh, yeah, the Jedi aren't too bad anymore." It's like, "What do you what?" Hey, they are. That's the point. It's you're now going off on an angle of okay, well, like there's just bit too much character progression I feel like for Maul. That being said, uh I can see them totally start to make Maul more of a good guy, you know, and and you can kind of see that pattern, you know, what they're doing with Assange Ventress. Um she's now like a good guy somewhat, you know, the bad guy is now a good guy, and that's what they're doing with Maul. And I guess there's just more storytelling within that, you know, but I think that you can tell the story of the bad guys without constantly having to change them entirely into good or whatever it might be. Like kind of like what they did with Battlefront 2 with Iden Versio, right? We were supposed to follow the Empire the whole time and then at the last minute she just switches up and like no, I'm a good guy now. And it's like, well, it was kind of interesting, you know, following that side of everything and seeing their point of view, but yeah, whatever. I mean, I can really see them trying to change his entire personality in this. And yeah, he's still going to be dark and all that stuff, but he's going to have more of a heart. He's going to have more of a soul. He's going to be not as bloodthirsty. And yes, that's character progression, but I don't think that he particularly needs that as much. You can still tell his story just like you did in the Clone Wars where he was still hating the Jedi as much. >> At last, we will have revenge. And I don't want to see him now like kind of turning a new leaf and being like maybe they're not so bad just because Palpatine abandoned me. But as soon as Palpatine calls him up again, it's like, "Hey, you know what? I want you to be my apprentice again." He's going to be like, "Oh yeah, screw the Jedi." You know? So it's I don't really like that angle of it. But you guys let me know what you think. Maybe they're going to do it really well in the show and then I'll have a second opinion on it. We'll see. But for now, I kind of really don't like where that's headed. I want I want him to continue to be just hating everything and everyone around him. No respect for the Jedi, no respect for Palpatine. He basically just wants to be accepted by him. And so he can only do that by achieving power and achieving presence. And that's I think has always been Maul's angle. Let me know what you think. Personally, I'm the most excited about this project for Star Wars this year over the Mandalorian and Grou show. So, we're going to see what this is about. But that's my two cents on him and uh what Sam Worth said regarding him now being not too hateful against the Jedi just because there's a a bigger threat. Make sure you check out the Facebook page. We're at 92,000 followers just about almost about to crack 100,000. We just cracked 100,000 followers on Instagram for Theory Sabers. So, thank you so much for that. We're doing more giveaways. And I also want to announce that we're bringing TC Carson and Nick Gillard to the Theory Sabers booth at Mega Con in just under one month in Orlando. So see you guys there and you can meet all of us as well. Hope you have a great day and may the force be with you always. >> Now fulfill your destiny. Heat.