If Hollywood was a person, it would be the drunken bridesmaid delivering a rambling, cringy, unscripted 15minute wedding speech, even though she can clearly see the life draining out of every person in the room with each new sentence that comes tumbling out. It would be the comedian still trying to push his unfunny jokes even as half the audience gets up and walks out and the other half are passed out drunk in their seats. It would be the party guy who decides that now is the perfect time to do flaming shots, even as everyone else is getting their coats to go home. The point I'm making here is that being able to read the room is a pretty important skill for anyone, especially if your job is to produce entertainment that will appeal to as wide an audience as possible. That means having your finger on the pulse of modern culture and understanding how people are feeling, what they like and dislike, and what issues are important to them right now, which is what Apple TV spectacularly failed to do with the release of their first trailer for The Savant, a new show about, and I kid you not, a middle-aged white Karen who uses online censorship and surveillance to tackle right-wing extremism in America. Congratulations, Apple. I do believe you've cracked it. You have officially won the boy did we back the wrong horse award for the most tonedeaf outofouch production in recent memory. Just barely beaten Iron Hart to the posts. Anyway, let's talk about it in more detail, shall we? Jessica Chastain stars as Karen. Sorry. Jodi Goodwin, a government profiler whose job is to infiltrate online hate groups from her garden shed, posing as one of them so that she can get information about upcoming attacks and stop them before they even happen. But when she gets wind of a major operation about to go down, the bad guys turn the tables on her and come after her own family. But can she moderate those forums hard enough to dox the men responsible and keep uh democracy? Is that the word I'm looking for? Sure. Yeah, let's go with that. Keep democracy safe. You know, basing a story around a protagonist sitting at a computer is a pretty tough cell. Just ask Ice Cube. But using your show to advocate for increased online surveillance, entrapment, and government overreach is an even bigger one at a time when most people are getting pretty sick of that [ __ ] Look, we just have to keep people safe. Okay? Safe from who, you might ask? Just don't worry about it. It doesn't really help that the hero in this case is an overbearing liberal white woman with the power of a keyboard at her fingertips. >> Oh man. Oh god. Oh man. >> Let's be honest. We've all had to deal with people like that and it's usually about as much fun as trying to make love to a food blender. Now don't get me wrong. I've got nothing against Jessica Chastain as an actor, but holy [ __ ] Making us empathize with this woman is going to be the Mount [ __ ] Everest of acting challenges. What's next? You going to tell us the story of a heroic Reddit mod bravely scrolling through forums late at night to ban users who say things she disagrees with? The Wikipedia user quietly working in the shadows to rewrite articles so they align with the correct worldview. The Twitter user who selflessly false flags other accounts for the greater goods. >> How can this be for the greater good? >> Shut it. This is the problem with Hollywood writers who try to poke their noses into internet culture. They either completely misunderstand who the good and bad guys are, or more likely, they just don't [ __ ] care and try to impose their own ideas onto something that they know very little about. It's funny really because this trailer is like a beautiful patchwork quilt of everything that's considered safe and acceptable in modern entertainment. A perfect example of the message, if you will. Female protagonist who's smarter than everyone else around her? Check. Ethnically diverse family, check. Unthreatening, affable husband, check. Bad guys or middle-aged white Republicans? Check. No way. Oh my goodness. Who could have predicted that a show made by Modern Hollywood would choose this particular group of people as the villains? It kind of reminds me of the BBC's recent coverage of anti-n noiseise pollution campaigns for the London Underground, featuring, of course, those well-known hoodlams who listen to loud music on trains, elderly white men. >> It's a bold strategy, Cotton. Let's see if it pays off for him. >> Now, I've actually had the misfortune of using the underground many times in my life, and I can tell you one thing for nothing. The dudes who pull this kind of [ __ ] do not look like this guy. When your writing process consists of about 90% political pandering, always in one direction of course, and predetermined rules about which identity groups are allowed to do what, and maybe 10% actual creative storytelling, well, you end up with stuff like the Savant, which probably explains why it's got a 50/50 dislike ratio. And the comments are pure [ __ ] gold, man. Haha. It's proof that no matter how hard the culture swings against them, there are always going to be people in Hollywood who just refuse to read the room. >> Am I so out of touch? >> No, it's the children who are wrong. >> Good luck with this show, Apple, because I think you're going to need it. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.