[Music] Sound the alarms and raise the red flags because Toy Story 4 is looking like it's going to be a huge disappointment. Now, that might not shock many people considering I think the majority of people that watch Toy Story 4 felt extremely disappointed, present party included. I saw Toy Story 4 on opening night and I absolutely adore one through three. I think they're perfect movies. I think it's a perfect trilogy. I watched Toy Story 4. I didn't hate it. I just never thought about it again. I never cared to even revisit it. I don't care about it. It It doesn't even register to even think about. So, when I think about Toy Story, I only think about one, two, and three. Those are the only films that matter to me. Four completely irrelevant. And um now here we are with Toy Story 5. And as you see the headline right there, Toy Story 5 will have a big focus on Jesse. Boy oh boy, they never learn, do they? Buzz Lightyear is blasting off again, and he's bringing some familiar friends with him while promoting his stand-up tour and hit series, ABC series, Shifting Gears. Tim Allen dropped tan a tantalizing tease about the long-awaited return of Buzz Lightyear in Toy Story 5. During a recent interview with WIVBB ahead of his April 25th performance at the Falls View Casino, the comedy legend opened up about his busy schedule and yes, includes a new chapter in the Pixar's in Pixar's flagship franchise. Allan gave an update on the production of Toy Story 5, which will mark the first film in the series since 2019's bittersweet Toy Story 4, which served as a lovely epilogue to the original story. While he stayed tight lipped about spoilers, Allan did offer some key insights onto where into where things are heading uh next for the beloved toys. I can tell you that it's a lot about Jesse. Tom Hanks and I do Woody and I do realign and there's an unbelievably o good opening scene or an unbelievable opening scene with Buzz Lightyear. I can give you that, but I can't give you much more. That's right. Woody and Buzz are back together again. So, this might not be the beyond that follows the Infinity after the two characters parted ways at the end of Toy Story 4. The hint at the realignment is sure to thrill longtime fans and perhaps worry them too. The emphasis on Jesse, uh, voiced by Joan Cusac, also suggest that the cowgirl may finally be stepping into the spotlight in a major way. What can we expect from Toy Story 5? We can expect more. It's look, we've seen them make mistake after mistake after mistake after mistake. And then we we got uh Inside Out 2. Uh I'm sorry, Inside Out. Yeah, Inside Out 2. And I thought Inside Out 2 was actually really good. I was not expecting it to be good. Um but it turned out to be very good. And uh but I I haven't there's not a bit like the last Pixar movie that I remember being exceptional and I don't think that Inside Out 2 was exceptional was Coco. Coco's the last great Pixar movie and before that I can't even remember but Coco's the last one and Coco came out a long time ago. I can't remember when it came out but that's the last great Pixar movie in my humble opinion and you just don't have the same magic anymore. I cannot go into Toy Story 5 thinking it's going to be anything other than typical Disney Pixar garbage. Um, they're going to try to take full advantage of the massive following that these films have and these beloved characters. And unless I'm until I'm proven wrong, I don't trust Pixar or Disney to do things right. I just don't. And they don't deserve any respect. They don't deserve the benefit of the doubt at all. This is why you have your favorite YouTubers and your favorite content creators that are going to see a lot of these things. so that they can inform you what's going on, so that you can make a good decision how to spend your money and where to go. Whether that's me or someone else, doesn't really matter. Whoever you trust is who you should be listening to. And that's why so many content creators out there are doing that. Um, I mean, as a as a fan, I probably would just not go see Toy Story 5 after four and especially knowing all of what I know. But Toy Story 5 is going to be a huge hit. How big of a hit? I don't know. Toy Story 4 did over a billion dollars, but I don't think Toy Story 5 can hit those levels unless it brings it back to the greatness of the franchise, and I just don't see that happening. Now, this is a story from Tim Allen. I love Tim Allen. He's awesome. Uh Tim Allen is pretty culturally aware of what's going on right now. Why did he make this statement? Did he make this statement with, you know, anything else in mind? I don't know. I have no idea. I can't tell you that. But, you know, we do know that Tim Allen does have his finger on the pulse of the culture and things like that. So, these statements are coming from him. So, that's where the uh source is. So, we'll we'll have to see. But hearing this is a massive massive red flag. And I don't trust Disney or uh Pixar to do anything with these beloved iconic characters. You guys let me know your thoughts in the comments below. Thank you very much for checking out this video and we will talk to you later. [Music]