Hey Donnie, check this out. I joined a group called Radical Islam. It says they have an all you can eat snap car. Wait, what? Are you serious? Totally free snacks, dude. Dude, check this out. Mikey, that's not what that means. Radical Islam isn't a skateboard group. Then why did they post the skate park takeover event? It's not a skate group. >> Look, we have to talk about this because nobody in the mainstream media is saying what needs to be said. There are bold opinions, bold, correct opinions being shared on social media posts underneath this stuff. But this reaction to what happened in NYC yesterday is as predictable as the sun rising and sun setting. It is vile. It is exactly why the UK fell to these people. What do you think the reaction was by Zoran Mdani, Muslim mayor of New York City, to two other Muslims doing what they so often do? Would it be to denounce them, to denounce even just factions of their religion? Or would it be to blame white people? That's ex. Well, of course they blame white people and um this does nothing of value. It doesn't uh address a growing problem in the United States. And again, this is not to say that there are not lunatic white folks out there, lunatic Christians out there. Uh but nobody ever has a problem calling them out. It's specifically one religion. And when the mayor of the city that was just hit uh puts out the most enraging comment on it maybe I've ever seen. Uh we have to there has to be some things said. Uh so after the incident yesterday, after it was confirmed that they were Muslim, after it was confirmed that they were radicalized, after it was confirmed that the devices they threw were in fact functional and designed to take out dozens and dozens of people, you would think maybe the mayor of New York City would say, "Boy, this is pretty spooky stuff." after a third device was found at his home or in their vehicle. You think maybe he would say, "Wow, geez, radical Islam. Maybe that's something we should be worried about." No. Let's look at the first sentence here out. Yesterday, white supremacist Jake Lang organized a protest outside of Gracie Mansion rooted in bigotry and racism. So, just so we're clear, the first sentence is blaming the protesters. I mean, is anybody surprised? It's a Muslim mayor. The first sentence is literally blaming the victims. Such hate has no place in New York City. It is an affront to our city's value and the unity that defines who we are. what followed. So again, just so we're clear about how he worded this, it was Jake Lang and people who were protesting against the Islamification of New York City, having cops using like closets inside of convenience stores to pray, having called to prayers going over PA systems like some sort of creepy third world country or North Korea or something like that. A rifle protest against that. Okay. Was Jake Lang there to agitate? Yes, of course he was. But so nobody ever goes out of their way to say, "Well, were the ice protesters there to agitate?" Nobody ever goes uh, you know, nobody ever goes out of their way to say, "Well, the super soilers in Portland, they they were there to actually No, no, no. They were freedom. They were using their first amendment. Nobody said Don Lemon. Nobody said Don Lemon was there just to just to agitate. Although I mean some people did. He wrote what followed is more disturbing. This attack is ne these type of attacks are never acceptable. Notice he doesn't mention Islam. Doesn't he doesn't mention that they the two suspects that did it. He calls out Jake Lang by name but not the two suspects that did it. The attempt to use this device and hurt others is not only criminal, it's reprehensible and the antithesis of who we are. No, it's not. It's who they are. H, you know, #notall Muslims, but you know, until such a point when I find just one Muslim leader in this country who speaks out about the problems within that religion, I will continue to lump them all together. What Zoran Ramdani should have said yesterday was not boy. It was the protesters fault. It was Whitey's fault. But nobody 100,000 likes on this garbage, too. By the way, we're so cooked. I want to thank the brave men and women of the NYPD who acted quickly to keep New Yorkers safe. The only thing that kept the New Yorker safe, and just so we're clear, is the fact that the device malfunctioned. The device was real. It was not a hoax. It was welldesigned. These two individuals trained under Terry groups in Turkey and Saudi Arabia. These are the same devices that were used in four other countries to much success. It was a pure act of God that nobody was hurt, not an act of the NYPD, not an act of the federal law enforcement who will undoubtedly state later today that they were on their radar. It was, in my opinion, an act of God. You can call it luck and that'd be totally fine, too. Our officers ran towards danger without hesitation, demonstrating once again the courage and dedication it takes to protect our city every day. Yeah. From radicals. From radicals. Right. My administration is closely monitoring the situation. I'll remain in close contact with our police commissioner. Are you joking? I'm legitimately asking. By the way, has Zoran Mandani, Muscle mayor of New York, has he followed up with any talks about radicalization? No. Just uh you know, one hour ago, he's holding a press conference. Anybody want to guess if he talks about radical uh religions? Anyone want to take a guess if he's going to talk about radical? Let's just see here. Let's see. >> Values of this city so that others of terrorist here we go. >> There is video of these two individuals throwing two devices towards the protest. >> The police department has determined that these were improvised explosive devices made to injure, maim, or worse. >> Right. >> Thanks to the swift and decisive actions of NYPD officers at the scene, >> both men were immediately taken into custody. >> That is true. They didn't. That is true. >> And the devices they brought taken off of our streets. I want to commend the officers who were on site. They faced a chaotic situation that very quickly could have become far more dangerous. NYPD Chief Aaron Edwards and Sergeant Luis Navaro ran towards the danger so that others could run to safety. They are here with us now and I want to thank them today publicly as I did yesterday privately and to thank the dozens of other officers who responded without hesitation. >> What are we going to talk about? >> That is courage. That is selflessness and I'm deeply grateful to both of them and to every member of the NYPD who works every single day to keep New Yorkers safe. As the NYPD continued their investigation yesterday, they found a third suspicious device in a vehicle on East End between 81st and 82nd Street. Out of an abundance of caution, they conducted a number of limited evacuations of nearby buildings before removing the device from the area. >> Once the device was removed, those evacuated were allowed to return to their homes. >> I am grateful for their continued work to keep New Yorkers safe. >> Let me say this plainly. >> Anyone who comes to New York City to bring violence to our streets will be held accountable in accordance with the law. >> Who brought Who brought it? Who brought it, Zoran? Who brought it? As this case continues to develop, I will remain in close contact and communication with our police commissioner. I want to say thank you once again to everyone who acted on Saturday to protect their fellow New Yorkers and to uphold the values of this city. >> Now, I'd like to invite police commissioner. >> So, Zoran Mani does not mention it. >> Has he blamed it on white people yet? Well yeah. Say their name, Zoan. Zoran, say what they are. He didn't do that. The only race he mentioned was white. No mention of Muslim or Islam or the Mr. in Mr. Mayor's pathetic statement. Not one. Not one. By the way, the uh the attempted terries who did that uh have just been walked by the FBI and NYPD. >> Why'd you throw the bomb? >> Look at you saying number one. Number one. >> Why'd you throw it? smiling. No remorse. No remorse whatsoever, which I mean that's that's what it is, right? The district attorney Manhattan uh BP Brad Hollyman signal ripped after he blamed the wrong protesters for hurling the devices outside of Gracie Mansion. Manhattan Burough President Brad Hollyman Signal was roasted Sunday after he blamed the wrong protesters. Hollyman Signal issued a statement on X claiming that the white folks led a roaming trail of Islamophobia and anti-semitism today on Manhattan's Upper East Side and they targeted our mayor with an incendiary device. If you think for a second that this if you think for a second at all, like literally if you think for even one second that that this wasn't on perfect, this wasn't um on on purpose, you aren't watching our politicians. But he's got a rainbow flag in his uh I wonder if he deleted it. Let's see. Let's see. Brad Hollowman. H O Y L. Let's see if Let's see if he deleted it. By the way, here's some responses to Zoran. So Zoran calls uh Jake Lang a supremacist, but he won't describe who threw the devices who happened to be a Muslim jihadist Mum Donnie supporter. Andy, no. Why don't you describe the religious and political ideology of the two suspects who actually did the crime? Nick Shirley, it was terror confirmed. Why didn't you name the two men who tried to do this? You left this part out. Uh you left out kind of the main detail who threw the device. Why did you leave out the face uh that uh was, you know, thrown by Muslims shouting the all you can eat snack bar? Fake news. Are you kidding me? You're complete disgrace. It was I mean I feel bad for people that live in New York because I am certain that most of them would not support Zoran Ramdani or any of this nonsense. The fact that you open your statement referring to Jake as a supremacist instead of condemning the guys that literally tried to commit this act tells us everything we know. I mean, he's covering for them. He's covering for them. Oh yeah. Brad Hullman. Let's see if he Let's see if uh let's see. Brad Brad Ho Y L. There he is. Rainbow flag in the in the you know. Let's see here. Update. He's re he's according to NYPD getting rat showed into oblivion. Let's see. Uh happy international woman's day. I saw he write. Um here he is. New Yorkers should be alarmed when any community is targeted in this way. So, no, he's still covering for him. The same very people that would throw him off a roof happily. These are the people running our country. These are the people uh you know who hate you. It's disgusting. It's it's appalling and it's part for the course. And without an immediate course correction, uh, and I would say, you know, banning these certain individuals from holding political office would probably be a good start. I just don't think the future for big cities is going to be great. It's going to be like the UK and New York. Oh, another attack. Another attack. Oh, another attack. Oops. It's just part and parcel for living in the big city. Oh, it's just boys being boys. Not a single mention of these two. But yeah, the white guy who was protesting against Islam, he's the real villain here. Absolutely pathetic, cowardly leadership by Zoran Manni. Ultra rich Muslim sympa uh Terry sympathizer. Hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, make sure to leave a like on it if you haven't yet. Subscribe or follow down below. We'll talk to you again real soon.