the best of the worst. We are looking for what is the most uh optimized or useful tier weapon here. Nunchucks versus flail. Now, I've always been of the opinion that the flail is actually kind of like a just a upgraded, you know, more lethal advanced form of the nunchucks. But some people tyrant thinks that the nunchucks are better than the flail. And that just raised the question, okay, which out of these dog crap weapons? And if you're wondering if they really are dog crap, full dedicated video testing this completely out, real medieval flail. And I have like a whole series of videos on the nunchucks. These are both bad weapons. Can you injure people? Yes, they're force multipliers. They're still lethal, but amongst the tier of weapons, they they're what I consider in the  class. Uh but people want to know. Let's find out. [Music] Shadow of West. Sorry, Tyrus. Why do you Why do you like the Nunchucks so much? Well, okay. That's a vast oversimplification of what I said. That's that's straw man. I'd never do that. No. What I said in the last episode, if you haven't watched it, was I would definitely take nunchucks over a flail. the the benefits of it don't outweigh the cons for something like this. Sure, you can there's a lot of arguments that you have made of why you are so spiteful and don't like the nunchucks. I hate them. Sure, but they are still a force multiplier. Not they're still a weapon and you can use them a lot faster than that. I like these are better. Now, I want to make this clear. I also advocated these should be made of metal. I wanted these to be made of metal. Nunchy, are most nunchucks made of metal? It doesn't matter. You can get metal ones. compare. They do hit harder. Standard weapon versus the standard weapon. Standard flail versus standard nunchucks. That's just I don't care. I said you could have metal nunchucks and I would vastly prefer them over that flail. See the reason why you don't like the flail is the very reason why for me it would be a superior weapon. Stopping power. One solid hit from a flail really anywhere on as person is going to do incapacitating damage. The speed strikes on nunchucks have dog crap power. If I hit you in the face with this, full power, not even full power. If I just hit you in the face with this, they're still wood. And even if we're not even talking about the metal ones, these are still wood. I'll still break your nose. Like, only on a proper hit. Like, there are there are multiple areas where you can hit with a nunchucks and they will do negl negligible damage where if you hit them with a flail, you can break bones still. Yeah. The difference is that if I accidentally hit myself with one of these, the damage that I'm going to do to myself isn't as much. But also other kind of comparisons are worth making as well. Sure. Uh it's kind of hard to use these full point. Like we I shouldn't be wearing this. We shouldn't be wearing this to do nunchucks. Look, let's be fair here. We should have been wearing something else. Maybe. Anyway, to really drive home the point that I was trying to make in the last episode. Shad, when you do all your tests with that flail, you're not allowed to use gloves or eye protection or anything. You just got to use that raw dog. I am actually confident enough in the one of the things that surprised us in the flail video and you can check it out was that this was actually much easier to control than I was suspecting. That's fine. Yeah. No protection. No, I'll wear it if I want. No, no, no. No protection. That's the whole that's the whole point. I'm like I I'm fine with using these without protection. Fine. You know why because you are so confident in how weak nunchucks are that you wouldn't get injured from it. That's why that proves my point right there. It doesn't because the all the power gets lost in the initial strike. So any ricochet I'm going to be fine. Have you ever been hit with nunchucks? Yes. Yeah, I have. What the worst hit you've received from nunch from your own use? The most powerful strike? No. The worst hit you have hit yourself with the nunchucks. Oh that I've ever hit. I probably like when I was a kid, you know, I would have hit myself in the head or something. Like when I was a kid trading track smack right in the face right there. Couple of comparisons. Simple comparisons. Ty. Okay. All right. Yeah. All right. Keep your hand right where it is. Don't move your hand. Okay. Now, stretch out. Stretch it out. Stretch out the nunchucks. And so, we're optimal reach here. Okay. From the hand position that you want. So, that uh could you grab my flower head and and and stretch it out? Yeah, that's about stretch. Stretch it out. That's about as far as it goes. It's like But look at the reach difference. T go put bring the FL head to your hand. So we get like So the reach on the flail is already way more than nunchucks. Okay. And by the way, these nunchucks are particularly long. They're long nunchucks. So that is a big point in the flail right there. Yeah. Yeah. But are you going to be dueling me with the the flail? If someone has a weapon, right, if you have longer reach and threat range, that just makes you a more, you know, dangerous opponent. This that's a big advantage for the flail right there. Yeah. But against a sword or something else, that doesn't have a reach advantage. It's worse with the nunchucks, though. Yeah, cuz we're comparing it. Look, this is not a battlefield weapon, dude. So, the flare wins it. What? So, what? We're just crossing wires now. No, no. Best overall weapon. That's the point. I can use this without protection video, though. We don't want to risk it. Protection. That's the whole point. You know that there's a slight chance of injury. That's why we wear it when we do sword tests. So, the reason why we're hitting this uh LA helmet is that we needed a medium that would show comparable damage. And both of these weapons could blast through like a a coconut or cantaloupe. Uh we needed something that it wouldn't actually be able to destroy, but we could then gauge how much damage it did do. That's why we got a laugh helmet that has thinner steel so we'll be able to see how much damage it does. Which is why I'm annoyed that we're not using metal ones cuz the whole point is I would use metal ones. And this is why you're proving my point. Exactly. The fact that you face mask I would use a flail with explosives embedded in there thing that that would just you know explode when I hit Yeah, we could go into any number of hypotheticals to upgrade our weapons. You have just proved my point for this whole video. You will not use that flail to its full effect without protection. That's why I the nunchucks. I That's cuz the nunchucks are not as lethal. Point proven. This week's Shutity exclusive is a video talking about some of the best mid-range swords that we have been able to use here on the channel. And so we say mid-range ones that are very good quality but still mostly affordable and the swords that we recommend. You can get access to that exclusive video as well as all of our exclusive backlog content for just $1 a month through Patreon, Subscribe Star or channel memberships. And thank you to everyone who is supporting us because you are making this possible. You are legends and it's our pleasure to bring you this exclusive video. Thank you. Hope you guys enjoy. So, do you want to go first? Because we know that the flail is going to do more damage to this. Well, there's two sides. We can do one on each side. Yeah. I might miss though. Okay. Why are you not wearing protection, Tyrant? Cuz I'm not worried. Yeah. How funny that? What? How's that funny? Yeah, cuz it's obviously a weak weapon if you're not worried. No, it's just that if in combat I need to be able to use it without protection cuz who knows if you're going to have a hel without protection. Yeah. You're not going to have your full armor on. Yeah, I know. All right, I'm just going to do the the hardest swing that I can. Hang on. You might actually break the nunchucks. I need to Yeah. Uh get to safety. I'm more worried about breaking the cord. All right. I'm I'm uh behind cover. Yeah, it's a it's a little dent. That's me with a little bit of safety squint cuz this little thin ass rope I'm worried about breaking. The rope is good. It's a little dent. Just a little [Music] paid. Oh, look at those. Yeah, just two little things. No, no, no. That this one was already here. Yeah, I know. I'm looking at these two. That This alone has far more depth on it. Let's get a closeup. And it was right on the tips on the points. That is digging. That is more focus penetrative power by far. Yeah, cuz it's metal. It's made of It has more mass than the wood. Who would have think? Well, who would have thought that I said we should do this with metal nunchucks? Like, what do you mean? Most nunchucks are metal. They're doing comparable standard weapon to standard weapon. That's fair of the dent here. Yeah, is like three times more cuz it's made of metal. That's what I've been saying the whole time. That is like three times more power. Get solid metal nunchucks and guess what? You're going to get similar results. Just get a sword. It's not going to concentrate as much force, but it's but it's comparable. Get a mace. Yeah. I mean, yeah. Yeah, I know. We But that's that's the point. I don't think it's fair to say that we need to use a version of this weapon that is not the common version because it'll perform better. Well, cuz we're sitting here going, you're going, "Look how deep that is." It's like, "Yeah, cuz it's metal, bro." I think if that was wood, what do you think it would do? But honestly, I think this would still get deeper penetration than metal nunchucks only. Yeah, because it's more aggressive. Yeah, thank you. But again, if this is metal, you're going to do slightly more damage. You're going to do more damage while still being faster. These things are way faster. This as soon as you try and go speed with nunchucks, you suck the power out of them. You know, the the most power is when you wind it up and do a big strike just like a flail. I agree. Nunchucks are not fast. But you need to understand what I mean when I say that. Yes, you can strike in quick succession, but very few of those strikes had full power. In actual fact, whenever you want to do a proper strong strike with nunchucks, you have to reset and put them back in a backwards position where you can really put the force in. And then if you're trying to hit hard with nunchucks, the speed suddenly isn't there. Remember, as soon as you start to hit fast with them, the power gets sucked out of those strikes and they have barely any stopping power. Speed strikes, I will actually go even further. Nunchuck speed strikes are near useless. Well, the reason why I'm bringing this up is because this particular comparison, we're just going to get wood versus metal. That's what we're getting right now. Flail wins. I don't like the flail. Remember, I'm saying that. But going full power on the helmet, that was actually damn fun. So much fun that Do you want to go? No. Cuz that that felt satisfying. Just the whole right into the helmet. Let me put it this way. I I love all weapons equally. Genuinely, I love so many different types of weapons. The one weapon that I just don't You sound so politically correct right now. No, no, no. Like I I love weapons. I love all weapons. All weapons every time. Except flails. I just have no interest in them. I don't want them around me. I don't want to use them. I'm good, man. I'm good, bro. Why don't you hate nunchucks with that level of vitual? They deserve it. They're so fun. Well, they are fun. Look, that's and I'm admit and but the flail is also fun is what I'm saying. Uh Nate Nate's sledgehammer flail. That's fun. You should give it a go. I reckon I could give it like you like hitting things hard. Tyth go bonk. You should try and go bonk with this. That was fun. I'm good. See, like if if I'm saying I'm good, then that should give you a tip. Like I'm just good, man. I don't know, dude. That depth is a little bit more No no. No. I I there's more penetrative kind of pointy impact. I'll get some B- roll cuz I want to show the difference in the first one cuz the first one I was a little worried. I was a little concerned. Blank canvas. Yep. Oh, right there. it like you're an idiot. It didn't cut. But we literally talked about it at the beginning. I'm going to do two-handed. Oh, okay. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Cuz he knows that from tests. Nunchucks don't do any better in two hands at all. But the flail did. You just have It's metal, man. You have more mass. All right, we're recording. [Music] Game over, man. Look at that. Oh, that's very nice. I mean, all that is is like I'm trying to see where it just has more points of contact. I don't actually think it's um deeper, per se. I'm wondering how it hid. Like, it's it's tricky. No, no, you know. Yeah, but I can't I can't get B roll if you put your hands in the way. Dude, it knocked the helmet off. There was way more force hitting him. Come on. You you you know the helmet was perfectly in place on your head before this. You know, that had way more power overall. And focus power. That's going to do way more damage to someone's skull on three points. That's going to bust open a skull kind of cuz this here look that'll crack someone's skull. This is deeper than this one. This one is sharing it over more points of contact a little bit. But I think that's that makes this more deadly. Like it's just going to uh something I want to make sure that we are very clear about. This is more LA grade. This is not real armor. An actual helmet would a real helmet would survive this much. Tank all of these. So let's be clear about that. Um yeah. No, no. I know. I know. There are cuz I listen. No. All right. Do you want to do more? Well, it might be useful keeping this helmet for some other future tests. It is. This is fun. Only if you do it with the flail. You need a You need It's fun. I've used that enough in my lifetime. I don't want to use it. I'm good. I didn't go full power and I hit it off center. I don't even know where I hit. Oh, there it is. Yeah. Offc center right there. I'm that. No, no, no, no. That That is That isn't Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, uh that's very comparable to my nunchucks. Like I said, I wasn't full power. Okay. Yep. So, I'm going to cut this into the nunchucks. No, this is deeper. No, this is deeper than the nunchucks. Come and have a look. Come and have a look. Tyrant there. Look at how concentrated. It's just a little sharper because it has an edge. That is very comparable. Okay. So, Dax is comparable to nunchucks. No, it's not cuz I missed the hit and I wasn't going full power. Nunchucks. I already said it. I already said it. All right. So, this one is speed is an interesting thing to consider. You are able to hit faster with nunchucks. I I admit that. But the power is so negligible when you're starting to do really fast that I think the damage is you can also make that negligible. As soon as you start hitting at full force, you're in the same speed as a flail. You have to caveat. What are we hitting though? An unarmored person. It doesn't matter if they don't do much force. We're really easy to damage. Actually, I completely disagree. There there's video footage of people using them in real combat. And a guy just takes the nunchuck arms on the hits and rushes the guy and takes them off of him. There are so many types of hits with nunchucks, especially in go speed, that they do not have the requisite power to be an effective weapon. I cannot see people tanking a flail hit, blocking it with an arm and that arm coming out unscathed. But if they miss the first hit, uh, you can follow up fast enough with it. I've already seen you use it. I know. Yeah. So that's fast enough. And especially if they miss the hit, you just carry the momentum through. A mis hit is actually the easiest thing to follow up from cuz you're there. So like like you just figure eight this bad boy and Yeah. Yeah. That's easily fast enough. Like like I am more confident. You notice I wasn't wearing hand protection then? cuz I'm 100% injured a lot more. The truth is like again this just comes down to personal preference and what you're going to be able I think there's an objective winner here. For what though? For what context though any is not a battlefield weapon. So yeah. No, thank you. Oh, no Yeah, that's not what I was talking about. I was just talking about as a general weapon what I would use. Is this uh is it because it's easier to uh wear? It's easier to conceal. It's easier to carry those. I will grab it is more usually I hate saying this, but it does have a good intimidation factor. I hate saying that, you know, I hate saying that. Hang on. I don't think more than a flail. I didn't say more. I didn't say more, but it's but I think if someone was holding a flail, like people would pack their decks. This is a scary freaking weapon. And and when we add into the the the mix, like I said at the start, obviously if they're metal, they do a lot they do enough damage. And even if we even if we go the other kind of like our dumb trucks, they do a lot of damage. They do a lot of damage. People seen the dumb trucks video. I don't know. We'll added some clips. So, so I can I can acknowledge those caveats, but I like blanket. Overall, the flail is a vastly it's still a crap weapon. I hate the flail, but it's still vastly superior to nunchucks overall. battlefield and everything combined for a lot of contexts. Maybe you agree. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But again, I would still pick metal nunchucks. Not on a battlefield though. Not I wouldn't pick either of them on a battlefield. But if it was one or the other. If I had to pick one or the other on a on a battlefield, I would go with that because I'd be armored. I'd have protection on. So yeah, go ham. So yeah. And I think that gives us our answer. What do you guys think though from the comparison discussion and test that we did? What do you feel is the superior  weapon where the best of the worst? Nunchucks or flails. I think the FL wins. And if you like this uh concept of video, I would like to do more on on like the best of the worst comparisons, right? Uh but this these videos need to do well enough. So like the video, that really helps out. Leave a comment and that actually boosts the traction of the video in the algorithm quite a lot more than you know you might realize. Uh, and that means that could justify us doing more best of worst comparisons. And if we are going to do more, what do you want to see us put to the test? What? They need to be bad. Bad weapons. Like, what do what what are some examples you think that we could do? But all right, guys. We're relying on you. Do you have any ideas? Leave them in the comments. All right. And uh check out our dumb chucks video where we do enhance the nunchucks. In fact, we kind of like make them almost like a flail. Yeah. Yeah. I would put them probably higher than a flail. Oh, I would. Man, now we know which sex one to test. Bloody hell. The hammerucks were believe it. The hammerchucks were insane. All right, flail vers hammerchucks next. Freaking hell. Like the video. You can check out there. Thanks, guys. Freaking hell Tyrant. [Music]