So, Xbox is making headlines again. Microsoft is making headlines again for all the wrong reasons. Right over the last week or so, it's been announced that they have a new CEO at Xbox and she doesn't have a gaming background. She actually came from like Instacart or something and she was the head of AI at Microsoft and she's taking over Xbox which I'm sure is going to be a complete disaster because already people are calling out her gamer tag and they're calling out the fact that uh her account feels like it's answering people with canned AI responses and now they're making the announcement that they're going to use AI again with Xbox to basically take over and play the game for you cuz that's what gamers want they want the game to play itself, right? Why Why don't we just Why don't we just make AI generated movies and people can just watch them? You know what? Why don't we just make AI generated gameplay videos and let the AI watch and comment on those videos, on those streams, because that's where we're headed. And then you know what's going to happen? The actual humans are just going to walk away from the whole thing because there's no point. If if the games can play them if the games can make themselves and the games can play themselves and the and the AI can watch itself play games and comment and even super chat. It can send itself super chats with crypto or whatever if you're using Claude, right? I think it can do that. What is the [ __ ] purpose of us? Like what is the point? We'll go outside and play with sticks and rocks and stuff like we used to do. That's what we're going to do. we'll go we'll go find something else to do and uh let the internet play with itself. So the internet is going to play with itself. So there's that. And then speaking of of things like that, we we'll talk about this a little bit later. Former Xbox exec reveals she was kicked out of she was kicked out after she refused to put on a bathrobe at the GDC. Damn. Damn. Uh that's Laura Frier. She was one of the original members of the Xbox founding team and she's been very critical, I think, of of Xbox. We we'll talk a little bit about that. So, before we get into it any further, please subscribe for more pop culture news, views, and rants. Guys, bear with me. I'm trying to get through a couple of videos this morning. Uh, I have been ill this week, and it's not so bad in the morning, but by afternoon, for some reason, I don't know if it's like the change in the atmosphere or what, but I feel like crap. So, I'm trying to get a couple done in the morning. Geeky will probably be in later to take over for me. But um check out Crimson Ren uh the adventure edition on Kickstarter. We are offering this book again if you missed out the first time. It's been out of print for a couple of years now, but we're bringing it back uh getting ready for book two this fall hopefully. We're going to launch that. And there are some new perks um that were not available the first time around. So check it out on Kickstarter. and also Geeky Sparkles pin, her raging geeky pin based on her raging avatar which we've used a couple of times here and people seem to like it. I know people like it or not but they did. Uh so you have a chance to pick up some of the uh older pins. I think the only thing we have left is the uh Christmas pin but um check it out on Kickstarter, please. Thank you very much. So Pirate Nation has it. Microsoft has filed a patent for an AI assisted Xbox feature. It lets you uh would let AI or trained humans uh briefly take over for your game when you're stuck on a tough part such as a hard boss or a puzzle. Barely an inconvenience. Who needs who needs to learn how to math? That's what calculators are for. They aim to replace pausing the game and searching YouTube tutorials making games more accessible. That is that what they're calling it? Accessibility? The game playing itself? We're call Oh my god. Okay. Um this is some horse [ __ ] Like I get some people need help, but yeah. Also, it's going to be interesting. Like I said, they they they generate uh gameplay tutorials and videos. There goes a whole segment of of YouTubers just completely wiped out because people do walkthroughs and they do FAQs and they do Yeah. All that stuff would just be obliterated if the games just play themselves, right? Um Yep. Here we go. People wondered, people wondered what kind of of an effect Asha Chararma would have on Microsoft, and we're already seeing it. The games will play themselves to be more accessible. Has no one told her, I mean, I know she doesn't have a lot of gaming experience, but has nobody pulled her aside and said, "Hey, you know what gamers really like to do? They like to play their games. They like to play the game, not watch the game, right? They watch gameplay videos to see if they want to play the game. They watch gameplay videos to see how to beat the game, but they want to play the game. That is a that is a that is a that is a bare minimum. And you're taking that the bare minimum is that gamers play their games and you're taking that away. But again, this is a person who they think has had her account uh boosted is using somebody to Well, she's not real. They might think about that. What if what if she isn't what if she's like the Tilly Norwood of of games? What if she's not actually real and they're letting an AI make all the decisions about Xbox? Because that is something that Sa Nadella would do. He would totally do that. I could see him doing that. Be like, "Yeah, hey guys, guess what? We've been using AI to to determine the direction of Xbox for the last two years. No one noticed." Yeah. No, everybody noticed. They just keep making bad Xbox decisions. is going to be so sad to lose things. I don't have physical media for micro slop. Yeah. What's the point of playing a game if you get AI to complete the difficult parts for you? Honestly, makes no sense to me. Get good or find a different hobby. They're cheapots. No, are cheapots. Yes. Yeah, exactly right. Uh, the only one celebrating this news is Dark Side Phil. Oh my god. Uh, game journalists will finally be able to match eagles, snakes, and whales in Skyrim. Uh, how about no thank you micro slop. This is crazy. Yellow paint is enough. Now they're just going to play the game for you rather than even let the slightest challenge remain. Holy cow, is Microsoft [ __ ] Yeah, they are. I'm sorry. This is the dumbest [ __ ] They're It's called a movie at that point. Just watch a [ __ ] movie. Just make, you know, unreal. Imagine paying 80 bucks for some AI slop created game and then just letting AI play for you. It's not a game at that point. If the game is if the game is playing itself, it's no longer a game. The purpose of the game is the satisfaction of being able to complete the game, of of doing tasks within the game. Um, your brain, it makes your brain happy. The the little reward receptors, the dopamine, whatever, lights up when you you complete a difficult task. Turns out that humans are very taskoriented. We like to complete things. We like to do things. We like to learn new things. That's what we do. And you're taking that away. There's no point in playing a game. Again, it's called watching a movie. And we can do that. There's reason why we pick games over movies. We want that that interactive experience. This defeats the point of video games. Yes. Thank you, kids meal. Thank you, kids meal. The whole point is to use community to help you. Watch a video of someone else doing it. Buy a walkthrough guide. If someone or something else does it for you, you might as well just watch someone else play the damn game. Huge L. Yeah, I think it's [ __ ] terrible. Will studios start intentionally designing frustrating difficulty spikes just to drive engagement metrics for this AI assist. Absolutely they will. They are begging you. Microsoft is literally begging people to use C-Pilot. Nobody wants to use Copilot. They are begging you to use C-Pilot. They absolutely would put this feature in that nobody wants and then kind of sort of force you to use it. Ah, that new Dark Souls game. Oh, it's really hard, isn't it? Yeah. You know, it would be great. Hey, if you could use that handy handy uh assistant to just play the game for you. Yeah, we've got some helpers here at Microsoft that could play that game for you. It's like calling the Nintendo tip line and having them play the game for you, except they're also robots. Maybe they speak in a really uh thick and stereotypical uh Mexican accent. Did you see that? It was on I think it was on the Babylon B. I thought it was a joke. It's not a joke. Somebody asked to speak to a representative uh for some company in Spanish and it just gave them somebody with a ridiculously thick accent, but it was still in English. It was like what? It was like broken English. It was like oh my god. And it was AI. The AI decided that's because I don't know if the person on the phone had a a thick accent or what, but the AI decided it was gonna parrot that back. Crazy. Um, General Tacticus says, "I would prefer having games dumbed down more and more. Please don't let this be the next gaming discourse." No, this is exactly what it's going to be. And it's because of the woman they put in charge. That's her background is an AI. And they're going to find a reason. They're going to find a reason to force everybody to use their AI because you know they put this AI person in and S you Nadella all he cares about is AI. So that's what it's going to be guys. Um they said ever this come from YCCF. Ever since video games have been a thing players have always sought the help of others to overcome difficult segments. Uh while how they seek help has changed a lot over the years. Moving from guides published in magazines to online walkthroughs and videos. The need for guidance has been strong and it probably always will be. Yes, you watch friends play it. Uh you'd read Nintendo Power back in the day, whatever. In the future, there could be a massive change in how players receive their muchneeded help. Judging by a patent filed by Microsoft detailing a cloud-based Xbox system to let human or AI helpers take over spot for tech for gamers, the state management for video game help sessions patent describes a process where control of a game is temporarily transferred from a player to a helper. This would allow a pre-approved human helper or trained AI model. I think it's going to be the latter. I think the uh pre-approved human player, the pre-approved human player will be like a friend of yours or a family member or something like that, like your big brother or something like that. Fine. Because you don't want to just have let random people command control your character, right? It's going to be AI. It's going to be Microsoft is and then they'll probably upcharge for that. Like, oh, you want Xbox Game Pass Plus plus Ultra where the games play themselves? What is the [ __ ] point? Yeah, you're gonna pay you're gonna pay $100 a month for that. This is so ridiculous. According to the filing, I think Sony filed something similar to this, too. According to the filing, the system is being developed as Microsoft believes current methods of seeking help are rudimentary and indirect, forcing players to leave a game session to find help. Oh, [ __ ] off. We don't want you to leave the game. We want you to stay glued to the screen so we can count it as like engagement time or some [ __ ] Next thing will be like pop-up ads all over the game. You know, they're already doing that in some games. I mean, this is Yeah, this is ridiculous. This is ridiculous. Other connected patents also detail other critical elements of this new Xbox feature, such as ensuring age appropriate pairing between players and helpers. Achievement integrity that will allow users to unlock them even if assisted. Wait. Achievement integrity that will allow users to unlock them even if assisted. Uh, even if assisted. So wait, you're So wait, you're still going to get the achieve? So if the AI does it for you, you still get the the achievement? What the [ __ ] Input governance that should prevent a remote user from performing unauthorized actions like deleting save files or spending in-game currency. Uh this new tech is still in the patent stage. There's no guarantee it will ever be implemented. Oh, it absolutely will be implemented because of who's in charge of Xbox now. Um yeah. Yeah. Uh Sony followed a similar system. I I think people are going to [ __ ] hate it. And uh it's interesting because this is um this is coming after the co-founder of Xbox said the game console itself is going to be sunseted pretty soon that he believes it's just going to become an AI cloud-based thing that that's what Xbox is going to be and we're not going to have a need for physical consoles. And he's probably right. I mean it probably is, especially with the woman they have in charge now. Um so I'll just wrap up with this. This is um since we're talking Xbox drama, bad news, and I think this is these are the death throws of Xbox. Um yeah, former Xbox executive reveals she was kicked out after refusing to put on a bathrobe at the GDC. Oh my god. GDC, which is like super progressive, right? The GDC where they're all screaming about how unfair the layoffs are and blah blah blah blah blah. Yeah. Okay. So, they wanted her to put in a bathroom. God. Laura Frier, one of the original members of Xbox's founding team, shared her memories of working with Phil Spencer in her latest YouTube video. She revealed she was forced out of Xbox after suffering an episode of harassment. That sucks. Okay, so we can connect the dots here. She was working directly below Xbox founder Sheamus Blackley. He is the one who claimed the whole division would eventually be shuttered by Asha Chararma in 2000. After Blackley left, she became the director of the Xbox Advanced Technology Group. In this role, she cultivated worldwide Xbox developer support, launched XN, created the Xbox advisory board, and ran Xbox game developer events around the world. My understanding is uh now I was never a huge huge Xbox fan. We had the 360 and I I love the 360, but I I I don't overall I don't like Xbox that much. I'm sorry. It's like its best days are way behind it. But they said that's where the aforementioned incident happened. This is after Blackley left, right? Okay. At GDC 2004, Frier and her team unveiled XNA, Microsoft's game development framework, okay, to build games for Xbox and Windows provided set tools and libraries built on top of.net that abstracted away a lot of the low-level hardware work so developers could focus on writing game logic rather than wrestling with platform code. Okay. Um, after incredible day on stage demoing XNA, I went with a PR person and an Xbox executive to grab a couple of controllers from a hotel room. Next thing I knew, I'm handed a bathrobe and was asked to put it on. What? I laughed like it was a joke and I got out of there as fast as possible, but I was freaked out. I barely really thought about much until the next week when I got back and that's when I was suddenly told I was being reorganized out of my job. Wow. Well, I bet she wishes she had an AI assistant to do that part of the job. Um she's eventually she invited a friend inside Microsoft who went to report this to human resources. Is this the PR person that did this or who is this? While she was still thinking about in her own words, that's when everything flipped. Unfortunately, even though the other person that was in the room confirmed my story, it didn't matter. I was pushed out and nobody would help me. Then Phil Spencer got her a job. So she thought highly of Phil Spencer. Phil stepped in, said, "Don't wait. Come and join my team and work for Bonnie. He was kind. He was considerate. and he practically begged me to come and work with Epic. He knew we had a strong relationship and he genuinely needed my help and just like that my nightmare ended. Um, so she helped ship big games like Gears of War, Gears of War 2. Uh, she left Microsoft in 2009, joined Warner Brothers. Oh, that's going so well right now. Yeah, in the video she notes her situation showed that Microsoft's culture was already breaking down. So yeah, really Xbox, the Xbox that everybody has fond memories of, I think only lasted about 10 to 12, 10 to 15 years, maybe. Maybe um you know, cuz we had the original Xbox, which is a huge deal. I didn't have an original Xbox. I I didn't care really um that much. I did get a 360. Love the 360. Played the 360 with kids all the time. I had a lot of great memories of playing the 360, but I had zero interest in the one when it came out, but um I think the 360 was the last ROM. When you think about it, that was like what 10 years, 12 years, and then the Xbox was kind of already on its way way out. I think uh once the Wii came out and the, you know, I can't say the PS3, nobody played the PS3. Once PS4 came out, it was it was over. There's no point, there's no purpose in buying an Xbox. There really is now because all the games are on PC. Um, but yes, it was already it was already toast at that point. Frier ends by knowing that she never knew if Phil was aware of the full extent of her incident, but she would nonetheless always be grateful for being there when she needed him. Uh, so ultimately she portrays Spencer as someone with rare genuine human decency in an industry and corporate environment that didn't always reward it. So, a lot of people think highly of Phil Spencer. I know some people are critical of him, but uh I think people are going to be really wishing he was still at Xbox and the way he got gone and uh you know, it's just very this whole situation stinks to high heaven and I think it's all about the AI [ __ ] is what I think it's about. I think Xbox is dead. I think it's been dead. I think it's it's the corpse has been paraded around for the last, you know, several years now. I noticed that all the Xbox stands that I used to get into fights with unintentionally on on Twitter, they shut the [ __ ] up. Like, they're not saying anything. I remember if you were critical of Starfield or anything at all, they were they were all over you. They would descend like freaking maggots on the carcass. And that's pretty much what this is at this point. And they're not saying anything now cuz I think they know. They know it's over. It's game over. and this if the game is playing itself. Good luck with all that. So, I'm going to wrap it up, guys. Please subscribe. We'll talk later.