[music] What's up, geeks and gamers? It's Jeremy coming to you with another video. And today we have a bunch of weirdos very upset because a female was cast in a female role. That's where we are with these gender confused freaks. They cannot make up their mind. First of all, it's respect women. We need female representation. yada yada yada. Then you get a female to play a female character. And of course, they're offended because a man is not playing the female character. Make it make sense. I don't know how to. But forget the weirdos for a minute. Let's talk about the first official images for The Legend of Zelda movie were released by Nintendo. Now, a few days ago, uh you had a lot of pictures that leaked and videos that leaked. And so Nintendo decided, we're just going to drop the official images to get ahead of this. And they did. And the internet has been going crazy, mostly positive. Um, but these images look great. Here is uh Bo, I think Braggerson is how you say her name, playing Princess Zelda. She looks fantastic. This is perfect casting. I love this. It just looks perfect so far. And everyone that has played Zelda games over the years totally on board with this right here. It just looks awesome. Now, the other images that were released here is Link, and he looks great as Link, and then you have this shot of Link and Zelda. I have zero complaints about these images right now. I am all in. They're filming this film. They're they're doing the filming in New Zealand. A lot of people are bringing Lord of the Rings into it. I don't know if we want to bring the most perfect trilogy ever up right now. It's way too early, but I do believe that the hype level for this film is is definitely going to hit that level once we get closer because this is The Legend of Zelda and this is one of the most iconic video game franchises of all time. And right now, The Legend of Zelda has never been more popular with the most recent releases of Breath of the Wild and then Tears of the Kingdom. Those sold more than any other Zelda game ever. And then of course the Nintendo Switch selling 150 million units. Now the Switch 2 is breaking all these records. So Zelda as a property has never been more popular. You also had the Mario movie that came out and it did a billion dollars and now you have the next Mario movie, the Super Mario Galaxy movie, and it has huge expectations. So all cylinders are firing right now for Nintendo. And so everything is pointing to this potentially being a massive hit. I'm trying to keep my expectations in check because it's not that I had doubt Nintendo at this point in time or Miiamoto because I don't. But I do worry about Hollywood and things that Hollywood gets their fingers on and the things that they could affect. But forget all of that right now. Based on the official images that we have and the casting choices, it looks to be a home run so far. But there are a few people that are offended by this. if you can believe it. I know it's so shocking. It's so shocking to believe that someone might be unhappy, but if you remember several months ago, there was this fake movement uh by a bunch of weirdos trying to get Hunter Schaefer cast as Princess Zelda. Now, this was all done by a PR firm to create fake uh traction on social media, and that's exactly what happened. You had tweets that were getting hundreds of thousands of likes. It was all fake. It was all garbage. And so this is a man and people are trying to have this person cast as Zelda because of course they are mentally ill people making mentally ill decisions. The Legend of Zelda fans are outraged Hunter Schaer hasn't been cast in movie adaptation. No, they're not. There are no actual fans of Zelda that were upset about this at all. But you do have a bunch of weirdos with pronouns in bio that are very very unhappy about this. Uh here's Master of the TDS. Now that we've seen both the official tease and leaked set photos from the live action Legend of Zelda movie, the Hunter Schaefer Brigade has come crawling back from the woodwork or back out of the woodwork. The they thems are still furious that Hunter Schaefer isn't playing Zelda even though Hunter was never actually in the running despite the rumors and is a biological man. uh despite the rumors and is a biological male being dominated for a female or demanded for a female role. They already are calling the movie a guaranteed flop, swearing they won't watch it. You never worry anyway. You weirdos don't have money. None of you freaks have money, so it doesn't really matter. So, here's a bunch of people, and it it here's one thing that I've noticed, too. It's a common theme. It's not all of them, all right? But just scroll through here. You look at these right here. Okay. Uh you look at here. Okay. Keep scrolling. One of the common themes here. Guess what that common theme is? None of them can afford a blue check mark. But they are going to boycott a movie that they were never going to go see in the first place. You notice this? Almost none of them have a blue check mark. They can't even afford a blue check mark, but they're going to uh boycott a movie that they were never going to go see in the first place. Pretty interesting, isn't it? I'm going to keep my money. What money? You don't even have money to get a blue check mark, yet you're going to boycott this movie. Um, we had this person right here respond to our very own Christa. Um, cuz Christa put this tweet and it says, "This is Zelda, by the way. Tweet's doing very well." Uh, so this person quote tweeted Christa and says, "Lowkey wish they made her a person of color, but I forgot Nintendo is a Japanese company." Now this person is now claiming they were joking, guys. Haha. I was just joking and everybody is triggered over it. Of course you were. Of course you were. Um, and so, uh, as you can see, 39 comments to one like. Uh, so yeah, they are getting crushed. This person, whatever it is, getting crushed. But bringing it back to the casting itself, I can't complain at all. Uh, I'm very excited for this movie. Um, I know that we're going to get a full trailer at some point in time and the internet's going to pick it apart and I'm totally on board for that happening because that's what happens with every movie that comes out. Um, but all we can do is judge it based on what we have right now. And what we have right now is really good casting. Uh, both actors that are portraying both of these iconic characters fit the role. The pronouns and bow weirdos are completely melting down and they're crying their eyes out. And so that is obviously a good sign as well. So you guys let me know your thoughts in the comments below. If you're looking for more information on the Zelda movie, we have an article over on geesegamers.com. You can go over there and check that out right now. Um, but again, like I said, this looks great. It's a perfect time. It's a perfect storm for Nintendo. If they actually make a really good Zelda movie, I think a billion dollars is almost guaranteed with all the momentum that they have with uh how powerful the brand of Zelda is right now. And then coming off the Mario movie now, we're expecting that the Super Mario Galaxy movie is going to also be a follow-up to the billion-dollar Mario Brothers movie. And if that's the case, everything is lining up for Nintendo to hit a grand slam right now. But with things like that come enormous expectations. And with those enormous expectations, you're going to be overly criticized on every single decision, as you should be, because this is The Legend of Zelda. People are expecting greatness from this. And if you don't if you don't provide greatness, if you just give us a seven out of 10 movie, people are going to act like it's the worst thing ever. That's just the reality of the situation. You guys have a great day. Thank you very much for checking out this video. Solo loss money. Raos are weird. [ __ ] Lucas Film and we will talk to you later. [music]