So, I was lying on my bathroom floor this morning trying to work out if the stains on my t-shirt were kebab sauce or blood or both when a thought occurred to me. If there's food left in a house that's burning down, there's probably a point where it's perfectly cooked. It's about time I started a new series on this channel. But what to talk about? What aspect of the film industry could I look at this time? Then it hit me. It's Hollywood, baby. Oh, that is brilliant. Stories of celebrities that have nuked their own careers and crashed out of Hollywood in spectacular fashion go back almost as far as movies themselves. But man, I don't think it's ever been as prevalent as it is right now. So why not delve a little deeper into their life stories, have a few laughs along the way, and maybe learn a thing or two about how not to succeed in the movie business. So without further ado, I bring you Crash and Burn, a story of celebrity failure. And truly, we're starting off strong with this one. Celebrity meltdowns don't get much more dramatic and spectacular than Rachel Zgler, a girl who single-handedly transformed herself from an upand cominging darling of Hollywood to one of the most nuclearra toxic celebrities in the entire movie industry. And how did she manage it? Well, pull up a chair and let me tell you a tale. Our story begins in New Jersey back in 2001 when Rachel Ziggler was born to Colombian and Polish parents. Damn, man. That's a hell of a combination. Anyway, she went the typical theater kid route and starred in a bunch of stage shows where she quickly discovered a talent for acting and singing and even started a YouTube channel where she would cover popular movie songs. Pretty standard stuff so far. And that might have been as far as it went were it not for Steven Spielberg, who in 2018 was looking to cast Latino actors for his upcoming remake of Westside Story. Young Rachel saw her chance and soon shot to the top of the list for the part of Maria, beating out literally tens of thousands of other hopefuls in the process. Well done, Rachel. The film would ultimately bomb at the box office, but Rachel didn't care. It had put her on the map, and now that her name was out there, she was determined to make the most of it. No matter who she had to piss off in the process. The first real sign of things to come was her behavior at the 94th Academy Awards where she was left out of the Westside Story guest list. Probably because there's like 200 characters in that film. But Rachel wasn't about to take this [ __ ] lying down and immediately began bitching about it on social media. Basically bullying and guilt tripping the academy into not just an invite, but an actual presentation gig as well. I mean, if nothing else, you've got to respect the sheer balls of this [ __ ] 20-year-old nobody lecturing the biggest film organization on the planet about what she's entitled to. Don't worry, though. Entitlement would soon prove to be a running theme of Rachel Ziggler's career. While all this was going on, she'd also landed a supporting role in Shazam 2, which wasn't exactly career-making stuff, but rather the kind of easy, undemanding job that actors take for a quick payday. The thing is though, you're not supposed to say that part out loud, but that's exactly what she did during the film's press tour. What made you want to step into this world of DC Heroes? I needed a job. I'm being so serious. It was like she had no filter, no idea of what's appropriate to say, no understanding that she was basically [ __ ] on the film before it was even released. A film that was literally the second role of her entire career by that point. You're not quite so high that you can look down on movies like Shazam 2 Rachel. Anyway, the film would go on to flop at the box office, making two flops in a row for Rachel. But that's okay, though, because she had her eyes on an even bigger prize by this point. In 2021, Zgler truly hit the big time when she was cast as the lead role in Disney's Snow White. The powers that be in Hollywood were clearly working to position her as the next big thing. Young, talented, diverse, and confident. A mini girl boss in the making, if you will. She was going to be the new Jennifer Lawrence, the face of the next generation of Hollywood starlets that would lead the industry for the next decades. Unfortunately, with all that fame and success came increased attention. People were actually listening to what she had to say now. And holy [ __ ] did Ziggler have a lot to say. Now, you've all seen her infamous red carpet interviews, so I'm not going to subject you to another tedious montage of it. But the point here is that her comments didn't go down quite the way she'd anticipated. For most people, this was their first real introduction to Rachel Ziggler, and it wasn't a good one. She came across as arrogant, entitled, and self-absorbed, casually insulting, and dismissing the original Snow White and banging on and on about the new film being made for modern audiences. [ __ ] just what nobody wanted to see. Now, in her defense, I still believe that she was delivering talking points given to her by the studio, but there is a way to get those kind of points across without sounding like an obnoxious [ __ ] and she didn't do it. This stuff all came at the worst possible time in Hollywood history, too, when the whole remade for modern audiences bubble was about to burst. The result, a social media firestorm, the likes of which has never been seen before, or probably since. Even Brie Larson and her Captain Marvel heyday never came close to the level of backlash directed at Snow White and more specifically at Rachel Ziggler. For a lot of people, she basically became the personification of everything they disliked about modern Hollywoods. A spoiled, entitled, and not particularly talented manufactured celebrity elevated to a position she didn't deserve and without the humility or self-awareness to even be grateful for it. Disney were forced to go into full-blown panic mode, delaying the movie by more than a year while they waited for the backlash to die down and even putting Ziggler on a humiliating, carefully stage managed apology tour in the hopes of softening her public image. And to some extent, it did kind of work. The marginal success of the new Hunger Games movie in 2023 helped to maintain the illusion that she was still somewhat popular. Unfortunately, it didn't last long. The problems really began, well, anytime she opened her mouth and went off scripts, and they could only shut her up for so long. When the first trailer for Snow White landed in August 2024, Ziggler immediately took to social media to thank her fans for it, even though the trailer got ratioed into oblivion and became one of the most unpopular in YouTube history. But even then, she couldn't resist dropping in a political hottake, this time weighing in on the Israel Palestine conflict. Because truly, if there's anyone out there qualified to talk about complex geopolitical issues stretching back thousands of years, it's a spoiled 22-year-old theater brat that's never even worked a normal job in her entire life. It's a bold strategy, Cotton. Let's see if it pays off for him. Once again, another firestorm erupted. And once again, Disney were forced to go into damage control mode. this time assigning her a social media manager and even having producer Mark Platt fly halfway across the country to personally reprimand her and ask her to take down the post and she [ __ ] refused. You know, there's such a thing as overplaying your hand, but Zgler was trying to play before she'd even been dealt her cards. The fact is, you can only get away with being this much of a headache for the studio if you're a proven heavyweight at the box office with a track record of making serious money for the studio. And Ziggler had nothing but a handful of flops and one minor success to her name. But still, she didn't stop. From then on, there was just no shutting this girl up. She weighed in on everything from immigration to women's rights to the American election. And every time she opened her mouth, she drove more people away from the movie. She even managed to piss off her Snow White co-star, who, funnily enough, didn't share her opinion on the whole Israel Palestine thing. And the tension between them at the 2025 Oscars was so thick you could practically cut it with a butter knife. March of 2025 would prove to be judgment day for Snow White and Zgler in particular. And well, you don't need me to tell you how that one went down. In fact, it became one of the biggest bombs in Disney history, getting absolutely savage reviews and losing the studio hundreds of millions of dollars. Now, there was just no hiding it anymore. Ziggler had basically gambled her entire career on the success of this film, and she lost big time. Oh no. What? What happened? What h Oh no. How terrible. That's just That's just awful. How terrible. Oh no. So, what was the fallout of all of this? Well, it seems like Ziggler's career might be over before it even began. With an absolutely toxic public image, a reputation for causing problems behind the scenes and no major successes to prop her up, she just doesn't have the political capital in Hollywood to absorb this kind of failure. No casting director in his right mind is going to put her in a high-profile movie at this point. She's got no major film or TV projects coming up and seems to have retreated back into theater roles with a West End production of Avita, which apparently isn't doing too well either. There just doesn't seem to be a way back for her. Or if there is, it's going to be a very long and hard roads. Rachel Ziggler really was her own worst enemy in this case. She went from the darling of Hollywood on the verge of being the next big leading lady to an unemployable disaster and ultimately a sad footnote in movie history. a flash in the pan who died out as quickly as she began because she just couldn't learn to shut the [ __ ] up. She really did crash and burn in the most spectacular manner. And in this case, she's got no one to blame but herself. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.