After six years of existence, and let's just be honest here, five and threearters of them being utter irrelevance, Anthem's servers are finally going to close down this coming Monday, January the 12th. It's all over. It's an online only game. It's done. Hi everyone, it's AZ here from Hill versus Babyface. I'm not going to lie to you, this is quite a weird video to make only in as much as I can remember when I started to cover the news about Anthem. And here we are. I'm still ticking away doing my thing. And yet this massive multiplayer game brought to you by EA and Boware is closing down which is again so symptomatic of the AAA gaming industry in the west. Their utter lack of direction, their terrible decision making and Anthem is literally the epitome of that. Now, I might be jumping the gun a little bit here because there could be some of you watching this video thinking, "I've no idea what this guy is talking about." Or there could be some of you who are watching this thinking, "That name sounds familiar, but I can't quite place it." So, let me remind you what Anthem was all about. So, let me show you a little bit of a trailer that was released for Anthem in 2017 at E3 and why this turned out to be very important indeed. >> I'm not sure we want to use all our supplies on this guy. >> Yeah, he seems like a problem for another day. We're getting some fire from ahead. >> I'll go low. You flank. >> Hang in there. Almost there. So, you might have just seen that and thought, "So what? It's just a trailer. Looks okay." Or something along those lines, maybe. Well, here's the thing. The whole thing was a fake. That trailer was a complete fabrication. It was a vertical slice that was on the rails. They weren't playing that game. That was all programmed. This people simply lent their voices afterwards. And it wasn't something that was being presented to the public. It was actually something that was being presented to the development team who were watching in horror as they said, "Oh, is this what Anthem's going to be?" Because the development cycle of this game had been so chaotic. They had had ideas about what they wanted to do. Meetings, meetings, meetings, meetings, red tape, bloat, bloat, bloat, bloat, and then completely scrapped it all. Changed their minds. people coming, people leaving, new heads taking over, new directions going, coming, the whole thing was a complete mess. And this trailer was presented as an idea about where they wanted Anthem to go. And with a release date only 2 years away from that, let's just say there was a lot of crunch going on and a lot of panic going on at Boware in the construction of this game. And they had absolutely every right to be panicked because this went into early development in 2012. Went through all those iterations that I briefly talked about and then by time they showed off this fake trailer at E3 in 2017 where by the way the developers for the very first time heard that it was going to be called Anthem. It had been currently working under the title of Beyond. This fake game had to be built in two years and it was five years already into its development cycle. The whole thing was a catastrophe. And that's just the development because when the game came out then it complete and utterly exposed itself. Ah yes, little old me giving my reaction to participating in the Anthem demo weekend. I think it was actually called the Anthem VIP demo weekend way back in January of 2019, 7 years ago now. Believe it or not, and yes, I haven't aged a day. I'm immortal. I'm going to live forever. Well, apart from the massive heart attack that I'm due any day now, but that's just by the buy. And after playing that, oh my goodness me, there was still 4 weeks until the launch of the game properly itself and it was complete and utterly broken. You were getting the infinite loading screen glitch where you just get into a loading screen, it would never end. It wouldn't stop. Or if you were lucky enough to get into the game, the rubber banding was absolutely horrendous. The vanishing mobs would just and disappear out of nowhere trying to engage people in fighting. Everything in the world was broken. It was a complete and utter mess. And that demo, which by the way means a working demonstration of the game, showed exactly where it was and it was nowhere near release. And as we were subsequently going to find out, the game didn't even have a pathway forward either. It wouldn't resemble anything like the E3 2017 demo. And people, well, having experienced that demo weekend, they didn't turn up to buy the game either. In its first week of launch, Anthem sold 2 million units, which you might think isn't that bad, particularly comparative to some AAA games that are coming out today. However, EA wanted it to sell five to six million units in its first five or six weeks. However, even today, January of 2026, the game only has a lifetime number of sales of 5 million. It hasn't even reached that target that EA wanted in 7 years, never mind 6 weeks. So, when these sales figures fell complete and utterly under par, what did Boware do? Ben Irving, who was the lead producer on Anthem, released a gameplay calendar going forward. There's act one, act two, and act three. We've got things planned out. We're going to be bringing you new events, better quality of life, new rewards, expanding systems, new strongholds. And act two is gonna be called stronger together. There was just one massive problem though because just a couple of months after that announcement by Ben, this article from Forbes, Anthem delays its entire road map, hasn't fixed loot, and this all feels very, very bad. Well, the reason why it felt really, really bad, of course, is because the game was a complete disaster. After launch, even more problems were found, particularly with things like power scaling, which meant if you had strong stuff, but a couple of weaker things, all your power beg. And so there was a lot of occasions of javelins that were much weaker than supposed stronger ones annihilating them because they were bypassing by removing gear the power scaling aspect. Anyway, that was just one of the issues. The road map was in shambles and the game was falling apart. But was there a new hope on the horizon? One more javelin to arise to bring balance to the anthem. Oh, but before we can get to that, Ben Irving quit in August of 2019, leaving Chad Robertson to take over as lead producer. And he quit in October of 2019. And so Anthem lost two lead producers in the space of three months. In November of 2019, piece of human excrement Jason Shreer while he worked at Kotaku said sources Boware plans a complete overhaul for Anthem. And suddenly it started to go around that Anthem itself was undergoing a serious change. And this was going under the name of Anthem Next and it was going to solve everything. In February of 2020, a year after the game had launched, and during the Christmas event, yes, because Boware had no new content to bring the game ever, they decided to run their Christmas event through to the end of February. But they also announced that essentially the game was going into maintenance mode. There wasn't going to be anything new added. It would still continue to exist. But some people were hoping that this of course was due to the fact that they were turning their attention to Anthem Next and the new patch, the new overhaul that was going to save this game. Well, fast forward to February of 2021, 2 years after the game's launch, and it becomes official that the Anthem Next, the overhaul, Anthem 2.0, whatever they wanted to call it, was done. It had been cancelled. There would no longer be any content for Anthem. It would simply exist in maintenance mode, and that would be it. The game was now complete and utterly dead. And even the social media account, the official one, hadn't posted anything since March of 2021, where they confirmed that the maintenance has been completed for that cycle. Guesstimations were that Anthem cost about $100 million to make. And it is a guesstimation because a lot of people think that due to it being a boware and an EA game that budget was likely much higher. Take into consideration also that this went into principal production in 2012 that you have to imagine that inflation today makes that number substantially higher. Then on top of that, even though they sold 2 million units in its first week, the game was in the bargain basement within the first two weeks of launch here in one of Germany's biggest media outlets being flogged away for 39. So if they were that heavily discounted within a couple of weeks, then goodness knows what the vast majority of the rest of the sales that made up the 5 million were for a a tenner, maybe less. So Anthem becomes complete and utterly forgotten about, an afterthought. Nobody was playing it. Nobody cared about it. It simply existed. In actual fact, Boware's next massive catastrophe, Dragon Age: The Veil Guard, came out last year. And how the company is still in existence right now is beyond me because everything since Mass Effect 3 has been a complete donkey for the company. Dragon Age Inquisition divided a lot of fans. Mass Effect Andromeda was an absolute disaster. Then came Anthem, which was a laughingstock. And then came Dragon Age: The Veil [ __ ] which was one of the biggest jokes I've ever had the misfortune to play in my life. But last year, some news finally broke about the future of Anthem. on the official Anthem EA forums Anthem game update. We have an important update to share regarding Anthem. Hi everyone. We have an important update to share regarding Anthem. After careful consideration, we will be suns setting Anthem on January the 12th, 2026. This means that the game will still be playable online for the next 180 plus days. As of today, you can no longer purchase in-game premium currency, but you can still use your remaining balance until the servers go offline. We deeply appreciate your dedication, passion, and support over the years and would like to thank you for that. For additional information on Anthem, please refer to the FAQ below. And so there it is. They announced that Anthem would be sunsetted, would be put to sleep, would be euthanized on the 12th of January, 2026, or as I like to now refer to it as this coming Monday. And I asked myself, I said, "Hey, should we reinstall Anthem and go on one final fly in a javelin? After all, it is a very good-looking game." And then I said, "Nah, because there is no emotional attachment to this. There is no nostalgia with Anthem. It's just an emitigated disaster from start to finish. The very fact that it still exists today in some capacity is absolutely crazy. But the thing which is frustrating and is potentially annoying to people who are playing it, which they have every right to do, is live service games. This is a live service game. This does not have an offline mode. And so when the servers are switched off, that's it. Goodbye. People can't go around exploring the world of their own accord offline, getting into their own adventures offline and experiencing the complete and utter lack of content offline, but that's their prerogative. Of course, it isn't hyperbolic or mean or Mr. poopy pants to say that Anthem won't be missed because it won't. It hasn't had any cultural resonance with gamers because the game was an absolute pile of [ __ ] Something which for a year or so was just a very slow car crash for people to laugh at. But since then, nobody's thought about it. Nobody said, "Hey, I wonder about No, things have moved on. The gaming industry has moved on and gamers have moved on. What Monday is isn't the official shutdown of Anthem. What Monday is the inevitable, which, let's be honest, should have happened many years ago. I'll see you in the next video. You take care. Goodbye, Baloo. Heat.