This might be my all-time favorite story to report on on this channel. A black woman accused a young white man of mo racism falsely to raise money on GoFundMe. And of course, she raised money on GoFundMe. But you're going to want to leave a like on this. She just lost lost the court case to this very same kid and has to pay him $3.2 million in damages. This is incred. This is an incredible story. I hope it lifts your spirits. Jury rules that Blackbomb must pay white teen $3.2 million after calling him a racist and using it to raise money on GoFundMe. Uh, this is incredible. So, nature is healing. This is from Joel Abbott over at Not the Bee. Teen awarded $3.2 million after jury verdict verdict after mom of boy tricked uh into a a prank uses it to raise money. Now, I've been at, you know, when I was a kid. I shouldn't say I've been at them, like when I was a kid, you know, sleepovers were common among, you know, young boys and pranks and shenanigans and ding-dong ditching and putting somebody's hand in cold and warm water. All this stuff is what boys do. Well, apparently somebody told her kid that it was apple juice, but it was actually uh pee and he drank it. So, obviously they're all racist, not just normal kids pranking each other. If you don't know it, te teen boys sometimes do stupid things. Incredibly stupid things. When 19-year-old Asher Van was in eighth grade back in 2021, this is the trial just ended today. Uh he and a group of boys from his class at Haggard Middle School in Plano had a sleepover. They naturally decided to prank each other because of course the boys decided on a competition of willpower challenging each challenging each other to stay awake. They agreed that the first person to fall asleep would get pranked. Very normal sleepover behavior. Samarian Humphrey was the first to lose the battle with sand with the Sandman. The boys decided to grab a glass of apple juice and dribble a little urine into it and then offer it to Humphrey. They woke him up, handed him the glass, and he took a sip. Realizing it tasted odd, he spit it out. They looks like they filmed it. Uh [snorts] there they were probably many laughs and pre-pubescent giggles at this point. It was the end of an average male sleepover. They had also hit each other with BB guns in a night to quote early in the night to quote test various gear. Again, when I was young at sleepovers, we used to shoot bottle rockets at each other. We used to shoot um Roman candles at each at each other. We used to have somebody jumping on the trampoline and like four or five people holding Roman candles and and and hitting them with the Roman candles. Like you survived your turn. You got a burn on your shirt. Nobody wore eye protection. Nobody. It's just what boys do. I'm not I'm not saying that's good behavior, but I'm saying that's what boys do at sleepovers. When Humphrey's mom heard about it, of course it was morraism. The classmate's mom, Summer Smith, quickly went public with race-based claims, alleging that at the time, Van and his cohort, also hurled slurs at her and then um fired on the 13-year-old with a BB um in a racially motivated attack. A Snapchat video of the incident quickly went viral and attracted national media attention, igniting calls for the teens of all to be charged and expelled from school. Police investigated the saga and never arrested anybody. Van later filed a lawsuit against the kid's mom and her attorney Kim Cole. Of course, alleging they ruined his life with a smear campaign that led to widespread public outrage. Ruined his life isn't an understatement. In our dumb BLM era, people's lives have been shattered by racial accusations like this. Van received threats on his life. His college plans were disrupted. He spent his entire time in high school beating being treated as a pariah despite the fact that the police investigation cleared him of any wrongdoing. Of course they were all doing it to each other. Of course they were. That's what boys do at sleepovers. Again, I'm not saying this type of behavior is good, but I'm saying it happens. And if he was at the sleepover, he was probably their friend, right? So, he probably wasn't, you know, they probably didn't have any racial problems with him. But that didn't stop the black mom from raising $120,000 on GoFundMe in awarding damages to Van. The jury also considered how she had spent that money. Van's lawyer, Justin Nichols, said he believes the jury was convinced in part by the evidence he presented at trial about how Smith used the nearly $120,000 in GoFundMe raised again for her kid. The public had been lied to and misled. And when people thought they were giving money to help this kid go to a new school and get some professional help, not one penny of that money was used for that purpose. According to the reports, only 1,000 out of the $120,000 went to the kid. The mom spent the money on, quote, "a designer dog, eating out, vacations, beauty products, liquor, and vapes, cell phones, car payments, rent and household goods, including streaming services." Understand this story was promoted by national news outlets. ABC's Lindsey Davis even featured Smith's GoFundMe on Good Morning America. None of these outlets have reported on the fact that they each helped enrich a lying woman and exp at the expense of an innocent young man. Here's Jonathan Turley. There's a major verdict out of Texas where a mother and attorney were ordered to pay millions of dollars for perpetuating an alleged hate crime hoax that was eagerly spread by mainstream media. The response for much of the media to the verdict is crickets. Smith has a vowed has vowed to appeal the ruling. Van meanwhile says there's no winner in the end. I'll leave you all with Van's interview with Fox News this week. Well, let's go to the Sierra. Let's go to see what his interview is like. A stunning vindication and a Van was never formally charged and instead he brought a civil suit against Humphrey's mother, Summer Smith. >> This is how you have to handle all these these race baiters. like it's just we can't allow this nonsense. Like no more like enriching people uh you know off this n I mean it's just ridiculous. And of course the mom's a piece of garbage who never even gave the money to her kid >> myth. Now 5 years later a jury has awarded Van $3.2 million in damages. >> Now I'm sure this mom has no money. Um, so you know, ultimately [laughter] this is a moral victory cuz she already spent all the money uh that she probably ever had in her life from that GoFundMe. >> Finding Smith inflicted emotional distress and invaded his privacy. Asher Van who is now in college. His father Aaron and their attorney Justin Nichols join me now. Thank you all for being with me here today. Asher, I'm sure this has been a long five years. How do you feel today? >> Uh, vindicated, right? >> I feel different. I don't feel so scared and so little as I did back then. I feel like I'm getting heard from. I feel like people >> now again this the way these lawsuits work is like this kid might get a few grand. Um, but the most important part of this is [snorts] he now can point to this lawsuit anytime somebody has any issue with him and can just say like, "No, actually none of that happened and in fact his mom owes me $3.2 million. >> People will understand me and people will listen to me and help me climb up this uphill battle." the allegations at the time where you and your buddies coordinated this in sort of a racist bullying incident shot him with BB. >> Well, maybe he didn't maybe he didn't maybe he shouldn't have fallen asleep first then. I mean, >> made him drink urine. What really happened? That's not what happened at all, actually. Um yeah, we um a uh we went hunting for frogs. Uh we had big jackets on, so you know, dumb kids. We each took shots at each other like a Nerf war, except with uh airsoft guns. Um then after um he fell asleep and way before that we all agreed whoever falls asleep first gets pranked and he got pranked and it was um nasty but it was not like this big racial torture that it was played out to be. >> Of course not. I mean, I assume if he was sleeping over at his house, like I again, like I I will point out, they were friends, you know, we didn't invite people we didn't like to to stay over at our houses. We went and toilet papered their house like that. That's how stuff works. You don't invite somebody you hate to your sleepover. And there is a video of the incident that that has come out and that video in been out for quite a while um shows I believe and I'm trying to characterize this accurately exactly what you described which is that Samarian did uh drink after you guys woke him up what was some con concoction of apple juice some urine but he didn't really drink it he kind of put it up to his mouth but the point is he moved on he laughed and in fact for two weeks >> he laughed >> weeks you guys kind of all just went about your business the same way you went into it as friends. Yes, sir. As friends. All right. [snorts] >> Isn't that funny? Like, it was always a griff for this lady. It was And and you know what? The the real victim in all this is probably the kid who's probably like, "Mom, we're just friends. Like, there's no there's nothing weird here. Why are we What are we doing here, Mom? Like, why are we so And oh, by the way, mom, how come you didn't give me any of the money that you raised on that GoFundMe?" >> Aaron, what happened after that then? How did it change? >> Two about two weeks after that, I was on a business meeting. I got a call from my son and uh apparently uh not Asher but one of one of the other friends and uh Samarian had gotten into an argument playing video games online and one of them decided to uh go ahead and take the video that was posted unbeknownst to Asher even existing and uh send it to a friend who sent it to a friend and then it turned into an ash an absolute social media nightmare. Mhm. So, it starts spreading around the high school. >> At some point, it gets into the hands of Samarian's mother. >> Right. Correct. Again, I I'm not going to admit to anything, but I'm going to say like this is pretty tame in terms of what kids do at sleepovers. Uh, this is not tame in ter of in terms of what race grifting losers do. I mean, again, this kid I mean, look, did he should they not have done that? Sure. Look, maybe instead of, you know, number one, you use some hot sauce or something like that, but like I mean, there is stuff that we did when I was young that I definitely regret as an adult. Like I I didn't want to go into it, but like it happened at sleepovers. I mean, we used to take like thousands of plastic forks and sporks and like put it in people's lawns that we didn't like. uh go to the Christmas tree outside, unplug one light. This is before you know they would turn on that. This is before they would stay on without a missing light. So that they had to find the one that was missing. Like all sorts of terrible young boy jerk things, but it was never about any of this stuff. And um I he should probably sue these media companies that ran this story too and really cash in just like remember uh the kid who everyone said was racist but it turns out like some Native American guy was like harassing him and he was laughing at him. Even Philip DeFranco like Nicholas Sandman I believe his name was like this is this is just the exact same thing. The media encouraged this. This lady enriched herself and now she'll be broke forever. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, make sure you leave a like on it. If you have yet, please subscribe or follow down below and we'll talk to you again real soon.