Leave a like if you heard this before. Yes, he was Muslim and yes, he was on our radar today. There were two separate incidents. Uh almost certainly, we have not yet received total confirmation out of Michigan, but almost certainly we know that that one also will be the same type of person. That marks three different incidents with these individuals in the last week and I suspect more will continue to happen as there's been a lot of talk about you know sleeper cells and this more so than that it's the inspirational kind of whirlwind that happens when uh these lunatics do what they do more people get inspired to do what they do but let me just tell you right now in both incidents today we had hero heroes. One, in Michigan, the people guarding that that school took out that loser single-handedly. Two, at the at the university, guess what? I just found out some brave students took him out. They didn't just incapacitate him. They took him out with the old poke pokey poke poke. Absolute Chad heroes. Now, let's get to the rest of this story. I hope you are uh appreciating the live coverage. Make sure you leave a like on the video and if you haven't, subscribe or follow down below. So, this morning, so what do we know now? Well, a lot a lot what got covered. Uh obviously what happened at uh the school earlier today was a big deal. But what had happened a little bit before that, the Old Dominion lunatic, his name was Muhammad Jaloa, who was convicted of providing support materials to ISIS back in 2016. Now, I'm sure CNN will probably call him a veteran, as Greg points out here, but this this this is actually insane. This is this is actually insane. Like, why is this guy even in our country? Why is this guy even walking free? In my opinion, and maybe leave a like if you agree. If you get convicted of that, you go to prison and you don't ever come out. Period. And that's the and that's the the way I can talk about on the mainstream media. I have a I would have a different solution for you. But he's a former member of the Army National Guard was arrested back on July 3rd for attempting to provide material to support ISIS. According to the complaint, he alleged to have attempted to provide services by assisting procurement of weapons and what would be used. He was be believed he was going to be, you know, an incident on US soil. Um, according to court documents, he met with CHS on two different occasions. During the April meeting, he told them that he was a former member of the Army National Guard and he had decided to quit after listening to online lectures by Anawir al- Okari, the leader of al Qaeda. Joah was, you know, I I believe this guy, you know, he in June he traveled, this is back in 2016 when he was arrested the first time. He traveled to North Carolina, made multiple unsuccessful attempts to obtain firearms on July. Why is this guy walking free? Why was this guy walking free? Please tell me why was he walking free? By the way, sleeper cell activated? I don't know. But we have more information about this is somebody getting interviewed at the scene. An ODU student confirms >> was the shooter. Did they describe those people at all? >> Um the description of the shooter they said he was a Muslim man. Uh I know he was he was a student at OD >> was former student Muslim. Cash Patel writes earlier today an armed individual did something really stupid. Um the the idiot is now dead thanks to a group of brave students who stepped in and subdued him. Actions that undoubtedly saved lives, dozens of life, guaranteed. You're on your own out there. Whatever uh whatever uh EDC that guy that kid has about to sell out right away. I have more information on the more information on what happened in Michigan too in this video. So stick around. hero RT ROC cadet uh pokes the you know subdues the lunatic to prevent more carnage. A heroic ROC student uh you know took him out. Um the 36-year-old had already taken out an instructor before an unidentified cadet jumped into action during the frantic scene according to sources. Absolute hero. Absolute Chad. Absolute hero. Uh, this Jaloa who pre was previously convicted walked into a classroom and asked if it was an ROC class. Sources told the Post when someone told him it was, he began attacking them. So, he specifically targeted future Marines, future military people. I hope this cadet receives the highest award possible. He saved multiple lives today. You know, the left will vilify the cadet and say that they'll create him, you know, turn him into another Zimmerman. Given this is in Virginia and the majority of the state legislature has gone ultralleft crazy, I can only hope that the ROC student isn't charged with a crime. Think about that. the when everything went crazy when everything went crazy this dude and I'm I'm guessing other people uh had his his everyday poke stick jumped on this dude and took him out like just took him out. I mean this is I don't know what level of you know training the ROC has. I remember some friends of mine were in it and then they were in it because then they were going to go to the military, but I don't know if it's necessarily a fact that you're going to go to the military. This dude heroically jumped on a guy who was armed so he was out, you know, he was out out weaponed and took him out. Didn't just like detain him. Did the world a favor in my opinion. No trial, no fame. You just lay on the floor as the fluids leave your body. absolute Chad and no and you know I'm sure this will disappear from mainstream media like already the New York incident did. A heroic ROC student jumped into action before more damage was done uh taking him and taking down the crazed suspect. Um my bet is NOTC marine option bronze star with combat five deserved. I don't know. I I would assume he um you know he specifically sought sought out soldiers. That's an important distinction here. And that guy I mean hey if that if that look if that guy drinks coffee the next 5 years worth of coffee for you is on me brother or sister I don't know we just know it was an ROC student. Like seriously, absolute hero that saved dozens of lives. Then we go up to Michigan and where we had two more heroes. Security guards inside of the church took him out. The person who was driving his vehicle through the church, apparently through the hallway, so it must have been a smaller vehicle. Had it packed with devices. traitor was planning was something very significant >> extremely significant according >> I can't wait for CNN to call to say it was a it was a chilly winter day snow is in the forecast before um you know some Middle Eastern name decided to get in his car and instead of going to the park or going to ski the slopes he took a detour to a church that That's how CNN will report it >> to uh multiple law enforcement sources there on the ground. Uh our own John Miller uh getting this information for us as well that emergency responders apparently found a large amount of explosives in the back of the vehicle which >> so it was this is what I expected. He probably tried to detonate it and it didn't work which is what happened in New York City. Thank God. Okay. Thank God that's that's what happened. >> This gives you even more insight into the sinister. >> This guy didn't know that that the the school I mean what if that school had he could have taken out hundreds. I don't know. I I don't know >> nature of what happened here. Again, finding a large amount of explosives in the back of this suspect's vehicle. The same suspect >> that was on that was also on fire. So thankfully it didn't go crazy. who rammed his car uh into the fac into Temple Israel there and then was immediately encountered by security there on the ground who >> by by the way they vaporized him again he got to lay around in that car and and try to plug all you know maybe pump pump himself while all the fluids leave his body on site two people don't get to get their per walks they don't get to go and have their faces in the paper they don't get to go have a statement in court just erased which is what should have happened. Well anyway >> who uh were able to take him out uh by shooting him that suspect we are told now is dead. And another bit of interesting information just to give you the state of >> the type of society that we're now living in and what uh Jewish groups have to deal with. Just about several weeks ago, about 5 weeks ago, we are also learning that Temple Israel actually >> they had an active incident. They had training, they had gone through training just a little while ago. >> Uh is tracking the situation and out of an abundance of caution as they often do when situations like this happen, they are deploying resources into high visibility uh Jewish u this I mean this isn't going to be over. You know, I if we look at like of course Zoran Mdani, you know, he he's he's already coming out, he's already coming out and being like, "Ooh, this is bad." But he of course is getting ratio into oblivion. Uh, you know, so why are you pretending to be outraged over it? Isn't this just part of globalizing the inif? You just hoisted a man who supports this stuff. Hosted a man who supports his stuff for dinner. How dare you act like you're upset? You know, I'm so tired of hearing you say that you're monitoring the situation. You're part of the situation. This is who you're celebrating. Meanwhile, your wife like 70 posts celebrating October 7th. I can't wait till they say that Zoron Mani was the one that was targeted in a different state in two different by two different people. This is crazy. But absolute heroes on the scene in both cases stepped up and did what? very few would have the courage to do, including myself. And I thank God for them. I hope you're informed by this video. I hope that you'll subscribe or follow down below to stay up to date. And we'll talk to you again real soon.