Well, I've got to admit, this one came out of nowhere. I can't really explain how, but for some reason, I knew next to nothing about this movie or the guy who made it or the lore behind it until like a couple of days ago when suddenly everyone was talking about Iron Lung. I mean, can you really blame me, though? A YouTuber making a low-budget independent horror movie? Haven't we just done that? Well, yeah, but the difference here is that Iron Lung is actually good. Taking a wildly outlandish sci-fi concept and wrapping it up into a tense, claustrophobic story of human perseverance and cosmic Lovecraftian horror driven by a compelling script that keeps you guessing about where it's all leading and a surprisingly strong performance from its lead actor. In short, this is exactly what independent filmm should be about. Yeah, it's definitely not perfect, and if I'm honest, it feels more like a short film concept stretched out into a 2-hour runtime, but I'll get into that later. For now, let us discuss the plot, shall we? So, backstory for Iron Long is a bit thin on the ground, but as far as I can tell, the film set at some indeterminate point in the future where humanity's begun to colonize the galaxy until an event known as the Quiet Rapture caused all the stars and planets to disappear. How? Don't know. Just go with it. The only survivors now were scattered across the void on ships and space stations, including our main man, Simon, a convicted prisoner who was involved in the destruction of an outpost called Filament Station. What exactly happened? Don't know. His mission is to pilot a submersible into an ocean of blood on a distant moon and gather samples from the seabed where his commanders seem to think they'll find information that could save the human race. Wait, why is there an entire ocean of blood? Why do they think there's stuff down there that's going to save humanity? Why use a convicted felon with zero training for such an important mission? Don't know. Just go with it. Anyway, so down he goes into the deep ocean. And because you can't really see through blood, he's forced to use an X-ray camera to take quick snapshots of his surroundings. That's all you ever get to see of what's around him. And it's a neat little way of circumventing the film's lack of budget. Anyway, that's when he spots a skeleton lying on the ocean floor. And for some reason, this is super exciting news for everyone involved. I mean, I'm guessing if you're in a literal ocean of blood, it probably means that quite a few things had to die to create it. So, there would definitely be skeletons involved, but whatever. His commander wants him to gather more data, but then he gets attacked by an undersea monster that sever communications and leaves him stranded in some underwater cave system. From there on, he has to figure out a way to escape the labyrinth in a poorly maintained submarine whose systems are starting to fail while suffering increasingly severe hallucinations and intermittent radio contact with a survivor from a previous expedition. But can he hope to ever make it back to the surface? What's that undersea monster all about? Why is the blood leaking into his submarine? And what is it doing to his body? And is the voice on the radio even real? You know, it's interesting to compare this movie to Shelby Oaks because on the surface, the two films have a lot in common. They're both independent horror movies made by YouTube personalities with roughly comparable budgets. But the difference is the creative philosophy behind them. Whereas Shelby Oaks was basically a patchwork quilt of tried and tested horror tropes wrapped up in a safe, conventional plot that's been done a million times before, Iron Lung is a risky, wildly inventive concept, setting up an interesting and creative premise that allows it to make the most of limited resources and constantly keeping you guessing about where it's all heading. One is an actual creative horror movie willing to take risks made by people with a story to tell. The other feels more like an AI's idea of what a horror movie should be, made out of obligation rather than artistic passion. And well, the results speak for themselves. One practically vanished without a trace, and the other seems to be making waves at the box office. Not to worry, though, Chris. I'm sure there's plenty more predatory gambling apps for you to shill. He's out of line, but he's right. >> The other big surprise for me was Markiplier as lead actor. Well, basically the only actor now that I think about it. I mean, let's be real here. Financing your own movie so that you yourself can star in it is a risky move that could have turned the whole thing into a laughable vanity project. YouTubers aren't exactly known for their dramatic acting range, especially if they have to carry an entire movie by themselves. But credit to the guy, he pulls off a surprisingly strong, compelling performance as a desperate man pushed to his mental and physical limits with the vague promise of freedom at the ends. It's all good stuff, and you can't help but root for the guy. I said before that Iron Lung's only real weakness is the sluggish pace, mainly caused by the lack of real plot events and other characters to bounce off. The film's 2 hours long, and although it definitely gets its momentum back for the finale, the second act is pretty slow and tedious. I'm not going to lie, I was starting to lose focus on what the protagonist was actually doing and getting a little bored of being trapped in one location for the entire film. I get that it's supposed to play into the film's atmosphere of claustrophobia and paranoia, and it's obviously a direct copy of the video game that it's based on, but there's an obvious distinction between tension and boredom when it stretched too far, and Iron Long definitely crosses the line at times. I can't shake the feeling that this setup would have made for an awesome 30inut short film rather than a drawn out 2-hour feature, but what the [ __ ] Nobody's going to a movie theater to see a 30inute film. Overall though, I think Iron Long is a movie that's way better than it has any right to be. It's well shot, well acted, and although it doesn't pretend to answer all the questions it poses, I'm perfectly okay with that. Cosmic horror is a genre that's been chronically underrepresented in cinema, so it's nice to see a film tackling it in a unique, inventive way like this. It might not be perfect, but I never needed it to be. I just needed it to be good, and it is. So, well done, Markiplier. You took a gamble and it paid off. Oh, wait. Maybe I shouldn't mention gambling. Anyway, that's all I've got for today.