Big Star Wars game announcement teased by leaker. Title reportedly ends with the Old Republic. I've been looking forward to this. [Music] This is a article that came out less than 24 hours ago. A trusted leaker says a big Star Wars game announcement is coming soon. And now hence the title ends with the Old Republic. So I've heard about this. I've heard there's the Star Wars game that's being talked about and I originally thought that it's going to be perhaps a real-time strategy game kind of like Empire at War. But it seems like this information now is leaning more towards a Old Republic game which is something we've been wanting for a long time. I mean this is like what four years old now something like that or more maybe 5 years old. I remember the trailer came out during EA Play or games some it was it was a one of those games events. EA and Respawn have confirmed a third Star Wars Jedi game to close out Calessus' story and Saber Interactive keep saying the troubled Knights of the Old Republic remake is still alive behind the scenes. At the same time, fans have watched projects fall apart. Respawn singleplayer Star Wars FPS widely reported as Mandalorian themed was cancelled in 2024 as part of EA's layoffs. >> It's not fair. >> EA is no longer owned by the same people anymore. It's now owned by a Saudi company. New leak suggests a Star Wars game ending with The Old Republic. This week, well-known industry leaker Curacas started teasing a major Star Wars game announcement on X. In their first post, they told followers that a big Star Wars game reveal is coming very soon and made it clear the project is not Star Wars Zero Company or Star Wars Eclipse, both of which are already public and in development. Okay, that's good news. In a follow-up quote tweet posted today, they went further and gave an explicit hint about the title itself. According to the leaker, the name of this big mysterious game literally ends with the words the Old Republic, which points straight at that era and its fan favorite stories. The title of this game ends with the Old Republic. The new post reads h that naturally pushes speculation towards a few obvious candidates. Timing of these teases lines up with Game Awards 2025, which will stream live from Peacock Theater in Los Angeles on December 11th and is known for world premiere trailers and major third party reveals. Well, okay, that would be that would be fantastic if we get a new Star Wars game revealed. And if it's Old Republic, you know, I'm just wondering why is it taking you guys so freaking long. I remember they announced it and then we got wind that Sam Mags was on it and she was going to like change a whole bunch of stuff around and then that fell through and she disappeared and then uh we didn't hear anything about the game at all. Then we heard that it's going to still be happening but it's been shelved. It it was very confusing. So if this is really going to be the Old Republic revitalized and and for real this time, I'm going to be very happy and I know a lot of other fans will be too. As always with this kind of thing, it is important to take everything with a grain of salt. Nothing here has been confirmed by Lucasfilm Games, EA, Saber, or any other studio. And plans can change even at the Well, yeah, we know that. Listen, I think of all of the games that they could make, I do believe that a Old Republic game is probably one that we want to see the most of all. I mean, that game is like 20 plus years old and it's still being played today by so many people now. I've tried to play it a million times. I think I sunk like 60 or 70 hours into it and then it all crashed and everything got wiped. And the same goes for uh Knights of the Old Republic 2 where it just keeps crashing and I have a state-of-the-art computer. What the hell is this? Like just work. [Music] So it's, you know, hopefully they're going to make or remake the game from the ground up, but along the same story line, same characters, heck, even the same dialogue. Don't change a thing. But it also leads me to another theory that it could be a completely different thing from the Old Republic. It just has to do with the time of the Old Republic. So, I don't really know what we're going to get. It's only a few days away. It's uh 4 days until the 11th. So, we're going to find out next week and then hey, we're off to the races. At least we're going to know. Hope it's not lame. Hope it's not some like mobile game and it's like all this for nothing, you know? Not that mobile games are lame, but they're not nothing compared to a console game or a PC game, you know, despite them being probably the most lucrative for the companies. That's it. Not much more to discuss. I think a Old Republic game would be something that we really want to see, and I hope we do see it. Hope you guys have a great day. Let me know what you think in the comments, what it's going to be, and I'll see you guys in the next video. May the force be with you always. >> Now, fulfill your destiny. Yeah. Heat.