Heat. Derotic. Greetings you over 1 million lovers of all things good and dislikers of all things bad. I don't think I'm going out on a limb here by saying it hasn't been a good year for superhero films. Many of us said back in July of 2025 its future would be decided with the release of Superman and the Fantastic 4 first steps. And that answer came in the form of resounding mediocrity and diminishing returns. Which is sad because in many ways superhero stories are American mythology not only woven into the fabric of pop culture but the entire culture. For generations superheroes have captivated us with their embodiment of ultimate power and moral clarity offering an escape into worlds where good triumphs over evil through extraordinary abilities and unwavering resolve. Their allure lies in the vicarious thrill of overcoming impossible odds, offering escapism where people can see themselves as agents of change in a chaotic reality. Ultimately superheroes represent hope and aspiration while inspiring imagination reminding us that there is the potential for heroism in all of us, even if it's in small everyday acts. And for a long period of time, Hollywood was able to with varying degrees capture this. So what the hell happened? Well, it's a tale as old as time with one recent addition. Greed, hubris, ego, and a slavish adherence to the message. At time of recording, the Supergirl trailer has just dropped. And I think this opening scene pretty much sums up the genre. And believe me, we'll get to that. But considering just that scene and the Supergirl poster that says truth, justice, and whatever, I think it's safe to say they've had a good run and superheroes ARE COOKED. >> YEAH,, COME, ON., WHOEVER, DID, THIS,, JUST CONFESS. WE PROMISE WE WON'T BE MAD. But how could you say that? We've got Spider-Man Brand New Day and Doomsday coming out. Well, believe me, we'll get to that as well. But how do we get here? Well, there is a plethora of videos on this channel explaining exactly why. But to keep this from being a three-hour video, I'll keep this as brief as possible. Prior to 2020, Paramount and then eventually Disney were eaten good with superhero films. The Marvel Cinematic Universe is something we will never see the likes of again. Phases 1 through three collectively featured 23 films that all, with the exception of The Incredible Hulk, were moderate successes to box office smashes culminating in a box office total that is approximately $22.6 billion. And that includes the highest grossing superhero film of all time while adjusting for inflation, Avengers Endgame. And the majority of this was accomplished without their biggest character Spider-Man, and completely without X-Men and Fantastic 4. turning belist characters like Iron Man, Captain America, and Thor, and yes, they were belist characters, and Black Panther into household names. A consistency that has never been seen in Hollywood and never will be seen again. And if Kevin Feige would have quit there, his legendary status would be remembered to the end of days and maybe beyond. They wouldn't just name streets after him. They would rename Hollywood Feige Wood. >> You, either, die, a, hero, or, you, live, long enough to see yourself become the villain. >> Then, there's, the, other, side, of, that coin. prior to 2020, the much maligned Snyiderverse or DC EU. The first three films were destroyed by the corporate critics and we'll just say there was a lukewarm reaction from the audience, but from the people who do like them, they liked him a lot. And after Zack Snyder had to leave after a family tragedy and the abysmal showing of the Justice League, things actually started picking up with Wonder Woman that was wellreceived by the corporate critics and the audience. Aquaman, which made a billion dollars, and a film outside of the DC EU, Joker, which made a billion dollars without China. And admittedly both Aquaman and Wonder Woman had Zack Snider's fingerprints all over it. But reflecting the problems that they have with their source material publisher DC Comics, they found themselves in the position of playing catch-up to Marvel a company that basically took everything they started in the comics and did it better. And this all had to do with Warner Brothers. Now, if Disney is Hollywood's most evil company, Warner Brothers is its dumbest due to studio interference causing all of their problems. And they were utterly dominated by Marvel except for one thing. Wonder Woman and its success combined with the Me Too Times Up era made Kevin Feige blink and flush down the toilet a formula that was working just fine. Bypassing decades of comic book lore that sold in the range of hundreds of thousands to millions that rushed to adapt a more current era that was filled with race and gender swaps in comic books that were more likely than not cancelled that sold in the tens of thousands which includes the creation of the MCU from Kevin Feige. I think we're getting to a point soon where we have so many great female characters that those are just our heroes as opposed to when they are all female, all male. It's just the Marvel heroes, more than half of which will be women. And since taking a year off from a government overreaction to a cold for both companies, it's been all downhill from there. Disney Marvel decided to go allin on the MCU and the message and bypass this thing known as a plan, leading to diminishing returns that should be taught in film schools. Space 5 was an era of lore destruction character vandalization, both male and female, and identity politics. From Black Widow, a prequel about a dead character that performed so poorly it led to the film star Scarlett Johansson suing Disney, to the good friend of Pepper Potts, who was now running Stark Industries the Falcon not being able to get a bank loan where they insinuated due to his race to the deification of the terrorist Freckle Jesus to turning the Infinity Stones into paperweights to attacking fans and She-Hulk to making Thor a bumbling idiot to making Nick Fury a fraud to Hawkeye getting his ass kicked by Kate Bishop and Ekko. to making the Kingping cry to the abysmal flop that was the Marvels to centering both phases around the villain Jonathan Major's Kang who should have been fired for his performance and not for his alleged allegations. No to the female Silver Surfer. Combine that with bloated budgets, bloated narratives, inconsistent storytelling lack of focus, horrific CGI, and content overload, it was a recipe for disaster. Speaking of content overload, Marvel phases 1 through 3 had roughly 50 plus hours in content in total. Compare that to Marvel's phase 4 and five, which had a combined 100 plus hours of content give or take. And if even half of it was good, we wouldn't be having this conversation. Sure, there were successes, and if it wasn't for those bloated budgets, there might have been more. But the only unquestionable ones are Spider-Man No Way Home and Deadpool and Wolverine. Both films were filled with cameos from characters largely out of the MCU. And 75% of Spider-Man's profits went to Sony. Speaking of Sony because we don't want to leave them out of this, although they are easy to forget despite the success of the animated Miles Morales films and the inexplicable success of a couple of Tom Hardy Venom films, they've also given us bangers like the memeable MorbiiUs and Craven. You remember Craven came out and of course the gloriously awful Madame Web. But there was one more success with Disney Marvel. the hold over Guardians of the Galaxy volume 3 directed by James Gunn who then [ __ ] off to DC where his first publicly perceived act was to get rid of Henry Caval as Superman and Warner Brothers and James Gunn didn't do themselves any favors since the Joker's release in 2019. As far as films that have been released in theaters is concerned, they've had no less than nine flops. That's right. Birds of Prey and The Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn flopped. Wonder Woman 1984 flopped. The Suicide Squad directed by James Gunn flopped. Black Atom flopped. Shazam Fury the Gods flopped. The Flash featuring Michael Keaton's return as Batman and two Ezra Millers flopped. Let's Talk about Blue Beetle, it flopped. Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom flopped. And Joker 2 flopped. And their only real successes, The Batman, which is a divisive film, mostly due to its horrible third act and the best thing they've done since Joker 2019, the Penguin series on HBO. And then there's James Gun Superman, which was neither a flop or a resounding success. It's the film equivalent of our pal. It's a Gundam calls a gassed up mid. Since 2020, combining TV shows and film, DC Disney, Marvel, and Disney, Sony have produced 66 projects, and the vast majority of them have been mediocre to abysmal. Because again, if half of those projects were mediocre to good, we wouldn't be talking about superhero fatigue. I mean, could you blame anyone? even the biggest fans. Christ, 66 projects. Boy, that escalated quickly. >> And, I, can, hear, you, now,, hypothetical dear viewer. Is it superhero fatigue or bad movie fatigue? And my answer is yes. And now we need to talk about the future of superhero films. We'll start with Sony because this will be the easiest one to prognosticate. And arguably, they made the smartest decision by canceling all the Spider-Man villain spin-offs. And they're just going to make Spider-Man movies. And the only one they're really doing on their own is the third Miles Morales film that'll come out someday. Side note on Miles Morales the co-creator of this derivative character, Serb Bachelli, recently reported she's getting zero residuals. Now, while it's an undisputed fact that Miles Morales is Miles Morales, Marvel should still pay the lady. As far as the DCU is concerned, I would say it was looking pretty hopeful until Superman came out and James Gun started running his yapper, which has been the prime contributor to the DCU being so divisive. Aside from the fact that he should have probably focused more on making a good Superman film instead of planning an entire cinematic universe that he was going to change anyway including announcing The Authority as your second film, which wasn't even originally a DC title that belonged to Jim Lee's Wildstorm. Now, it was a wise move for James Gun to shan that film but what he's come out with so far is not exactly inspiring. And for starting an entire cinematic universe, it lacks any focus, narrative, or worldbuing. But there is one commonality with all the projects he's produced with DC. From the Suicide Squad to Creature Commandos to Superman to Peacemaker, they all feature a ragtag group of smart-talking irreverent, and semi-ynical heroes, but mostly anti-heroes who come together due to some crisis and go on an adventure where they find the true meaning of heroism and found family. all set to a soundtrack of classic pop tunes or music from bands that would fit nicely in the mid2000s Coachella lineup, which I know is totally different than Guardians of the Galaxy. But in all seriousness, as a fan of most of James Gun's work, I did question if he was the right guy for Superman, and that was answered after I saw Superman. He's not the right guy. So far, we've gotten a cartoon nobody's watched, a Superman movie where Superman wasn't very super, and the best character was Mr. Terrific. And he's introduced things like prison sex and a drug-filled bisexual adult suaree before things like Batman and Wonder Woman. And yes, Peacemaker season 2 in particular was as bad, if not worse, than any Disney Plus show. But absolutely none of it is aspirational or inspirational. Something that's vital in a Superman movie and for establishing the foundation of a DC universe. This brings us to the next film of the DCU Supergirl, who was last seen at the end of Superman's James Gun, where she called the Man of Steel a [ __ ] >> Thanks, for, watching, him,, [ __ ] >> Your, little, quips., We, get, it,, man. You're edgy and cool. Yeah. >> Now,, the, poster, was, revealed, prior, to the trailer release where it said truth justice, and whatever. Now, if they had used truth, justice, and the American way at any point in Superman, this might be justifiable. But considering they didn't, it looks like exactly what it is, more nihilism and cynicism. And the trailer certainly didn't help because again, it opens up with Krypto peeing on the face of Superman on a newspaper. And for anyone trying to justify this by pointing out that Cara Zorel is also on that newspaper, stop it. The stream hits him right in the damn face, and it was just a bad decision. Sure, good job on creating conversations online, but it's not going to do anything to win people over. The only highlight was a 1second silhouette of Lobo, but otherwise it just looked like another carbon copy of Guardians of the Galaxy, and it featured this line. >> He, sees, the, good, in, everyone, and I see the truth. OH >> COME, ON. >> JUST, MORE, IRREVERENT,, cynical, nihilism. In other words, James Gun's wheelhouse. But if you were wondering why there was so much gaslighting to make Superman look like more of a success than it was well, we got our answer. WB's for sale to Netflix of all places, which is the worst possible news for any Lord of the Rings fan, Game of Thrones fan, Harry Potter fan, and particular DC fans. I mean, my first question is, what happens to DC comics? Paramount is still in the mix, but what it does do is put James Gun's long-term future in doubt, along with the long-term future of the superhero film being in doubt. And this brings us back to Marvel, whose next two films are undoubtedly going to be massive hits. And that's because both films are going to be absolutely packed with cameos. Spider-Man: Brand New Day is going to feature the return of the Scorpion, the return of the Savage Incredible Hulk, and Punisher, among others. And while I can't be specific but this character's name has already been floated out there, the introduction of the first MCU member of the X-Men. And then, of course, there's Doomsday that features everyone else, a film that may devolve into essentially being Robert Downey Jr. kills the Marvel universe. A movie I think that's going to be a lot closer to Doctor Strange Mom rather than Infinity War or Endgame. Still, it's going to be a cameo fest that's going to make a lot of money. But as with Spider-Man No Way Home and Deadpool and Wolverine, it is not going to solve the long-term problems of the MCU or superhero films. Recently, the Doomsday teams were revealed and they were mostly dudes, leading to fives and tens of women on Twitter decrying that they need the MCU back, proving collectively that they have the short-term memory of a goldfish considering we just got the female Silver Surfer in Iron Hart a few short months ago. >> MCU, versus, MCU., Now,, even, I, was, starting to feel it was a little Miui the last year or so. Maybe, you know, it sounds horrible, but it was kind of getting crazy. I think Disney overall has had a little bit of an issue with that. No matter how many women you cram into these movies, for the most part, they don't go. >> I'm, sorry., Could, you, speak, into, my, good ear? >> I, know, what, you're, thinking., The, end, is nigh. Grace Randolph just made a good point. But not to worry, she reverts back to form, forgets what she said a mere few seconds ago, and contradicts it. >> But, I, think, that, we, might, have overcorrected a little bit. This is an extremely male-centric cast, and I think not only is it male ccentric, but it doesn't have any female characters to excite female and LGBTQ audiences. You know what, I'm, talking, about., The, ones those of us who love Wicked, Barbie, the Disney live action fairy tales, and even Avatar. >> Even, Grace, thinks, Avatar, is, a, movie, for Barbie and Wicked fans. Anyways, to state the obvious, Disney Marvel has been making movies for those demographics for the last half decade. And as you pointed out, Grace, they didn't show up. Barbie and Wicked Part One were successes because they were made for girls and gays. And they need to stop making superhero films for Wicked and Barbie fans. This movie is for the comic book girlies and gays. So y'all better start reading. Okay. I cannot wait for Supergirl Woman of Tomorrow to come out. >> Paraphrasing, my, good, friend, Chris, Gore. Turning Marvel into a girl brand will prove to be one of the costliest decisions in entertainment history. But again, getting rid of the MCU and replacing them with cameo fests doesn't even begin to fix the problem. You need to win not only dudes back, but normies of all makes, shapes, and sizes. But getting an audience back is much easier said than done. Think about this. The movie that technically started it all for Marvel Blade can't be made today. Well, they can, but they won't because they've dialed things up to such ridiculous levels that it's not financially viable to go back to formula, which is what they need to do. >> BACK, TO, FORMULA. >> YES., AND, THAT, is, the, absolute, state, of superhero films. They were the most healthy when you could make a solo superhero film. Long gone are those days. And remember when they made comic book films that weren't Marvel or DC? From 300 to Sin City to Dread to History of Violence to Kingsman to Kickass to Hellboy to The Mask. He had it so good back then. Now they'll be able to make Batman and Spider-Man movies forever. But keep in mind, the next Spider-Man movie is again filled with cameos. And what was the last Superman filled with? cameos when they should be able to survive just fine on their own against their arch villain. But now everything just looks like Ready Player One. But some, of the, main, components, of, most modern superheroes that are missing are earnestness aspiration inspiration and heroism. And that's because I think there are very few left in Tinsel Town who either believe in that or even know what it means. I think the vast majority see Superman as Homelander. The hero has been deconstructed to death. What they've needed to do for years, and it's possibly too late, is reconstruct a hero. The reason films like Star Wars Christopher E Superman, and Sam Ramy's Spider-Man hit like they did, aside from being great films, is they were welltimed. They were inspirational stories in bad times. And God knows we can use that right now. And I know some might feel that is childish or naive. Well, I'd rather be that than some nihilistic blackpill [ __ ] Because right now, Hollywood's just deconstructing the deconstruction. When everything's irreverent, then nothing is. And how in the hell can you subvert expectations when the expectation is the thing we love is going to be subverted? And that's why people are just over it which is certainly reflected in those box office numbers. And that's why it shouldn't be a surprise to anyone that crypto pissing on Superman's face is the encapsulation of the absolute state of superhero films. Which is a damn shame because the degradation of our American mythology, including but not limited to Star Wars, Star Trek, and the superhero film can match the degradation in pop culture and culture. And that's not a good thing. And we've gone from truth justice, and the American way to truth justice, and whatever. And if Hollywood doesn't care, why should we? >> nerdroic.com. >> If, you, like, what, you, heard,, please, like, share, and subscribe. If you didn't like what you heard, I thank you for listening this long. I will see you in the next video.