A few weeks ago, influencers like Mr. Beast, Kaisenad, and I show Speed were under fire for what seemed to have been a potentially undisclosed paid promotion for the Netflix One Piece liveaction adaption. On top of that, there were a lot of people accusing them of being tourists, and rightfully so, they really came off like anime tourists. Speed even deleted a tweet that presumably was about him talking about preferring the live action or recommending the live action over the actual anime. I don't know the exact context because as mentioned it got deleted before screenshots were taken, but you can tell based off the responses that it was something like that. Anyways, I covered that all in more detail. This is just tip of the iceberg with that whole situation. So, consider watching the prior video if you haven't seen it. I'll link it in the description. This brief update is about Mr. Beast. Mr. Beast's initial response was this tweet telling people to stop treating him like a fake fan and trying to defend himself. And to be fair, I did mention how Mr. Beast does have anime related tweets going back to like 2019 2018ish, which while still, you know, ain't much is more than you could say about the other influencers that may be involved with this on disclosed paid promotion. Nevertheless, this whole prior situation definitely still made him come off like a tourist. And now his newest response really is just making it worse for him in my opinion because that takes us to this new clip. >> Couple tweets about you saying, "Should I watch One Piece?" All right. Did you actually go and watch One Piece? Yes. Oh, bro. Two things before I answer that. Holy [ __ ] The One Piece fan base can be so toxic. They're like constantly like uh like he's not actually watching. He's just trying to latch on to our anime to milk us for for our audience and blah blah. Let me say something. Uh and it probably is a negative for me to say this, but I've seen more anime than all you little anime clowns with your anime PFPs on Twitter out there. I have. Go go go go go dig to my Twitter. I've got uh Guardians of the Galactic Hero. I was tweeting about that [ __ ] back in 2019, six, seven years ago. I've been tweeting about anime for since before some of you motherers were born. Okay, so first off, back off. Call me a phony trying to bandwagon on One Piece for attention. Y'all are crazy. I've watched all 700 episodes of Naruto. I've watched I It's ridiculous. Top three animes. >> So yeah, that's just a clip that was posted, but obviously I was curious to see what came next like when he's asked to give his top three. And I got to tell you guys, oh my gosh, I I I'm like half in pain right now from what I just watched and half laughing because it was hilarious. This is one of the most tourist videos you guys will see. So, I'll play that for you in a moment. We'll uh we'll go over that part and see his answers and everything. But first, let's address what he said in the clip that we just watched because I don't want to just like brush over this and move right on to the next clip without mentioning that Mr. Beast is either really out of touch in that clip or he's being intentionally disingenuous because he's trying to blame the One Piece fandom for the backlash he got over the whole tourist thing and, you know, potential undisclosed Netflix paid promotion thing. Bro, that was not just the One Piece fandom. Yes, the One Piece fandom was a part of the backlash he was getting, but it was like the entire anime fandom that was tapped into that conversation that was criticizing this dude. So, it's crazy for him to try to pin it all on the One Piece fandom and acting like the One Piece fandom's toxic. Like, dude, no. the anime community at large was rightfully calling this guy out for this behavior that we mentioned, right? These actions that he took and the criticism that he and these other influencers got from the anime community, it was completely justified. They really brought this on themselves for what they were doing. And one more thing very suspicious in that clip in his response there, notice how he didn't mention the main accusation as well, uh, along with the tourist thing, which was, "Hey, this guy looks like he's involved in an undisclosed paid promotion for Netflix." He didn't say anything about that. Nothing about that. I mean, that that was the other main thing is mentioned that people were saying along with the tourist thing. I don't I I find it highly unlikely that he would see the people calling him a tourist, which he's saying are calling him a phony and he wouldn't see the hey, this guy looks like he's doing an undisclosed paid promotion part. H I don't know, man. Kind of kind of suspicious look to not address that. And we left off with Mr. Beast getting asked what his top three anime are. And I mentioned that things are going to get real touristy coming up, so brace yourselves for this. Here you go. >> Ridiculous. >> Top three animes. >> Uh, well, for me, okay, wait, this is honestly this is like arguably the most serious question you could ever ask me. I can't keep going up. Holy [ __ ] Hot. >> I can't I can't answer this one wrong. Top three. >> Mhm. >> Oh god. Oh god. Honestly, like I kind of need to pull up my anime list if I'm going to answer that. I really got to like I can't I I serious [ __ ] Like I can't just dome that. I >> You want me to go first? >> Yeah, you go first. I can't. >> Attack on Titan number one. >> Of course. I And I'm not just saying that cuz you said it. I Attack on Titan definitely in top three. >> Attack on Titan storyline, the foreshadowing shadowing peak. And I love the ending ending. I don't care what people say. The ending was beautiful. >> Okay. Uh second, I'm have to go with Naruto. It's a classic. >> You're just are same. I [ __ ] love Naruto. Now, now you're just >> No, no, no, no. Naruto is great. Number three, Fryn. >> Fyen. >> Fin. >> Yeah. >> Okay. I pronounced it wrong. >> Really? Are you just saying that because that's number one on my anime list or did you actually you >> No, that was a performative one. I'm not going to lie. I watched like two episodes of that and I didn't watch the first. >> Okay. I was about to say I I finished all of Fearin. It was It's good. I really like it, but I It's not like I think I don't think it should be number one on my anime list. I don't uh but it it should definitely be like top like 30. So, the person that Mr. Beast is with is Jason the Wayne. And first of all, just out of sheer kindness, I'm going to mention that this is the guy that gave us that iconic Pokemon clip where Pokemon was like, "Eat the rich." And then he turns to her and he's like, "Aren't you the rich?" So, you know, I'll give him credit for that. But like, bro, how are you going to say free Ren, say the name wrong, and then like within seconds admit that you've seen Did he He said two episodes, right? Hey, what's your favorite anime? Fry Ren. I've seen two episodes. Like, oh my gosh, dude. Mr. Beast also in that clip, obviously. Like, look, a top three anime question can be tough, but I do think most anime fans would be able to have like at least, you know, at least one or two pretty off the bat. And then the third one maybe it takes you a little longer for, but like having to look up your whole my anime list like like you really didn't even know anything. Like, there wasn't even a single anime that came to your mind. And I bet you there's going to be people being like exited out that he's even looking up his own My Anime list. Like he's probably either going to mount to look up like the most popular anime or just like googling it really quick to try to come up with some answers. >> Yeah. Uh >> Killas. >> Yeah. Stop. >> Stop. I was literally about to say >> no. But see, now they're going to think I'm just [ __ ] trying to >> I was literally about to say Killas. >> That [ __ ] was peak. I watched it last year. Uh late last year. >> This [ __ ] helped me through a lot of uh mental problems. Um I was on a stair master watching Kia saved my life. Cocoas is good. I mean, SteinsGate was good, though. I It's hard. Attack on Titan and Naruto are guaranteed. If you ask me top two, those are my top two. Number third is where it gets a little like wishy-washy because there's so many so many great things. >> Yeah, I do agree. I think the third spot's probably the hardest just simply because that's the last spot you have left and there are a lot of great anime out there. It is a bit odd though how he had to look up his my anime list just to pick Naruto and Attack on Titan and then like Attack on Titan only mentioned after Jason pointed that out. So, I don't know. I think I think a lot of people are going to be even more suspicious of Mr. Beast than they were before this clip. In other words, I don't think this clip is really helping him. This interview uh this question of the interview is really helping him. We have a little bonus comedy here at the end. Although, this is potentially more than just bonus comedy. If this is also involved with the onlo paid promotion stuff, which many people are speculating even more about now, because well, you take a look at this. Mr. Beast had said 23 hours ago, thoughts on Beast Game: Strong versus Smart. To which WestJet points out how Mr. Beast already changed his profile pick back to normal that the Luffy profile pick lasted only like one week. And this was a point of contention because as mentioned during the like Netflix live action undisclosed stuff that was going around, Mr. Beast also suddenly changed his profile pick to Luffy and people were like, "Wow, bros watched one episode and suddenly changed his profile pick." So, you know, there were a lot of people like making fun of him to varying extents over the profile pick being changed like that and how it came off like this was potentially a part of the ondisclosed paid promotion that people are speculating about and now that that time period or whatever may have run out. He's like changes profile pick back. So, let me know what you think. Do you think this is just silliness or do you think maybe like yeah, you know, the the promotion period ended so back to normal Mr. Beast's profile pick now. Ultimately, if he's really not a part of an undisclosed paid promotion for Netflix's liveaction adaption of One Piece, you know, he should have addressed that as mentioned. I find it once again highly unlikely he wasn't aware of that criticism. That was right up there along with people calling him a tourist. So, the fact that he said nothing about that is odd to say the least. And as for the tourist stuff, you know, if he's really not a tourist, it's actually shocking how much he's come off like one. Because to be quite frank, if he's not a tourist, he should really be able to see how this stuff came off to the anime community. It's it's, as I said multiple times, very understandable. The criticisms that he's been getting from the anime community have been very reasonable and justifiable. So, when he's like acting like people are out of line and being toxic over this and and he's like protesting so much about it and acting like it doesn't make sense, I mean, you know, it's it's it's not helping his case is what I'm getting at. But let me know what you think. Thank you for tuning in.