What's going on everybody? Jeremy here from the Quartering and we've got a feminist who just found out a woman who spent a female professor by the way. Double whammy. A female professor who spent time online complaining that men were toxic. A married professor, mother of two. married mother of two has now been charged is now going to prison >> right to jail right away. >> It's almost like the people that are always, you know, pointing at this stuff. It's almost like me thinks they do protest too much. We're getting to that story after super quick word from this video sponsor. Huge shout out to this video sponsor, Aura. Is there an app or a service you use even though you know it's probably harvesting your data like Google? Does it annoy you to know that you have to choose between going completely off the grid or giving up your privacy so apps and companies can profit off your personal data? Well, that's why I use Aura and I have been using it for a very long time. Aura protects your privacy by identifying data brokers who are selling your information. Orura takes care of the hard part, automatically removing your information from these sites and keeping it off. There are a lot of services that offer this too, but none of them offer as many features as Aura for the same price. You can get alerts if your personal information is found on the dark web. Real-time fraud alerts for credit and banking. 24/7 monitoring to help keep your identity secure. A secure VPN, antivirus password manager, and more. USB support available around the clock if something goes wrong. If anything does go wrong, Ora includes $5 million in identity theft insurance protection and they have US fraud experts ready to help 247. Try Ora for 14 days for free at orura.com/quartering. In those two weeks, Oro will get to work scrubbing your personal info off these data broker sites. I'm not leaving myself vulnerable and I haven't for a long time and you shouldn't either. Find the link in the description below to try your trial today. Well, well, well. married mom who 29 who moaned about men being creepy online uh charged with putting her hands on a student. Danielle Weaver, 29year-old married mother of two, was taken into custody on February 18th. I don't know why it's just getting covered now. This article is from today. Um, Weaver worked at Lee County High School, which received claims back on February 3rd that a female teacher was inappropriate. Police then said they identified Weaver as the teacher, and by the 17th, authorities had obtained an arrest warrant. Weaver, of course, turned herself in the next day and was later released on bond. Of course, she has a Tik Tok. I thought we could I thought we could see her Tik Toks. Can we see her Tik Toks? Oh, there's no way her Tik Tok's still up. There's no way it is. Just trying to buy mind business. Crepo. Let's see. >> So creepy sometimes. I am leaving Burlington. All I had to do is go in there and return something. Minding my own business. M okay. >> Yeah. Okay. >> And then I'm walking out, walking to my car, minding my own business. >> Mhm. Yeah. >> And this man I that was walking in just started talking to me like he knew me and asked me what kind of vape you got. >> She vapes too. Douche flute. >> I didn't have nothing in my hands. All I had was my purse strapped around me. I said, "What?" He said, "What kind of vape you got?" >> I guarantee you this. I can look at her face and tell you this chick vapes. I can look at her glasses and tell you she vapes. >> I I ain't got no vape. He said, "Oh, oh, I I thought you had a vape. What's your name?" >> Oh, what a piece of garbage. He he tried to break the ice. He tried to break the ice uh with a girl he thought was attractive. And this is how he gets think. This is why men have checked out of the dating, you know, the dating pool. >> Uh first of all, I don't know you. >> I know you. I don't talk to people. I don't know. I don't know. I I I I don't I don't talk to people. I don't know. Okay, man. Hold up. Question, question, question. Man, I don't like about a dang old mother, man. >> Second of all, ain't none of your business what my name is. >> Ain't none of your business. >> I just turned around and started walking off. >> Oh, okay. So, she's an unlikable too. But she's got time for a teenager. Let's look at the comments. So, how's life now? He wasn't saying uh he wasn't saying vape lady. He was asking about your charges. Ha. Should have said my vape was statutory. Zing. Why do teachers got to be so creepy? Speaking of creepy. Uh, let's get this creepy teacher. Hard to believe that you was minding your own business. Why would you still leave this up? Uh-oh. Vape rhymes with something else. This person hasn't even taken their TikTok down. Look at their pin tweet. By the way, you shouldn't put your baby's face on the internet. Oh, we see um Adobe Acrobat PDF file image. Um, so sad, too precious. Passionate about fashion. Uh, amen. She's so adorable. Uh, so you have an adorable baby that you posted in 2023 and you were hooking up with your students in 2025. Uh oh. Oh, this is even better. Wife, mom, Christian, and teacher. Wife, mom, Christian, and teacher. A Christian mom. I know he teaches us to forgive. Okay. And I am not Jesus. And so I am not so good at forgiving. But I do think it's pretty ironic, pretty ironic that you have a Tik Tok full of pictures of you and your baby. And uh >> for the people that don't drink coffee, >> what do you do? Do you like get an appropriate amount of sleep? >> Well, you got time for you got time for two babies. You must be on a lot of coffee if you're spending time with your students, too. Police identified this individual. Let's see. Authorities have not released much information so far, but the Lee County School System shed light on the possible uh age from several weeks ago. We at the 9inth grade campus can confirm that there's ongoing legal investigations. How old are you in ninth grade? That's a freshman. That's a freshman. So, how old are you? 15, 14, 14. She's 29. She got two kids at home. Now, the minute the husband found out about it, court documents obtained by the DML show that Weaver's husband, Caleb, filed for divorce on February 19th, the day after she was arrested. Good for you, dude. He looks like a good-looking guy. So, she was married, immediately destroyed her marriage, is going to leave her two kids without a mom. Uh, if she was drinking coffee brand coffee, by the way, which is available at CBC, Amazon, pick some up today. Free overnight shipping. If she was drinking coffee brand coffee, I can pretty much guarantee this never would have happened. It never would have happened if she was drinking that. And if she was drinking coffee brand coffee and or not vaping, I just love that. You know, Christian, her last Tik Tok was posted February 1st, days before Caleb would break up with her and weeks before she'd be arrested. Caleb said the divor in the divorce petition that his relationship with Weaver on ended February 5th and the union was irre irrevocably broken. Now, he also grabbed custody of the kids, also given custody of the marital home. absolutely btfoed. Completely blown out. I just I don't understand like how how crazy, you know, we get in this world. Um, you know, again, complains about creepy men online between riveting discussions about Charizard with her new boyfriend. Fundamental nature of who these women are. Feminism as an ideology depends heavily upon women engaging in fetishization. They won't admit it, but it does. This is why they obsess over this kind of stuff. I mean, by all standard definitions, a good-looking woman, mother of two, completely destroyed her life. Comp like completely destroyed her life. It's always the people online, right? It's always the people who are talking so much about this stuff that end up I don't know participating in it. At least that's how it looks to me. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, make sure to leave a like on it. If you haven't yet, please subscribe or follow down below and we'll talk to you again real soon.