Okay, I am so excited to talk to you. I have been following you for years and I am here in a student capacity. But the first thing I want to ask you is who is iconic to you? [Music] Oh. Uh my mom my mom's funny in ways that like she doesn't realize she'll say stuff and then walk away or she'll do stuff and walk away. Like somebody was telling me the other day that she will start a movie like all of us will be together. She'll be like let's watch a movie together. We'll all sit down to watch a movie. She'll corral us in one place and then she'll get up and leave. You know what's funny? I do that every day. My boyfriend complains about he's like I will literally put on something and just wander off into the kitchen. Like goodbye. and she's like basically herded us all into one place so she can do whatever she wants now. Like you know that is hilarious. A that is a great answer. That's the first time I've actually asked that question and now I got to keep asking it cuz that was too cute and wholesome of a response. I have been following you now for years and I've already had it on my plan to talk to you. But what really made me like I have to talk to Imani was I got diagnosed with an autoimmune disorder and suddenly I understood a lot of things that you had been saying for years. Like I remember once reading a tweet from you that said people don't realize that we'll all eventually be a part of the disabled community. Like as you age you will. And I remember that really stuck with me because turning 30 and then getting this disorder really made me aware of my own mortality. And suddenly I realized just how ableless everything around us was because I was at my doctor's office which I am there often now. And there was another another uh patient who was trying to come through the door but they needed there was no the doors were literally not accessible. They couldn't get through and I had to open it and I thought even at the doctor's office it's not accessible. And so that made me want to want to talk to you, want to learn from you honestly. And I and I I'm here today to find out about all the things, all the discourse that we're having that don't have the disability focus that it should have. What's being left out? Because I think that's what I think me and everybody is most guilty of, right? I'm like even more than just like more than just leaning into abbleism or abbleist language. I think it's invisibility, right? It feels like it's just not even considered or thought about in our advocacy. So, I wanted to talk to you. Well, even just your share anecdote, the story you just told me about this person not being able to get into a medical facility reminded me actually of abortion access because one of the things that was one of the big chips in abortion access was that abortion facilities had to be accessible. But if your regular everyday appointment facility is not accessible and there's a lot of places trying to fit in where they can fit in, they're not going to be accessible either. So, they can't provide abortions at those places. So you see like it's it's kind of like a like a snowball effect when it comes to like ableism and disability. Disability touches upon every single demographic that there is. Not just in the ways in which just humanity is just if you live long enough you'll have a disability. If you exist on this earth, you'll h like there's something that will go wrong either temporarily or permanently. And there's also the factor of people will use disability against different demographics. Like when we saw Tennessee write their anti-trans legislation, they had a section of it that said you have to be evaluated for autism first. So like either regardless of where you are or what body you sit in or what what your existence looks like, you will be touched by a disability eventually. Yeah. That you know, oh my gosh, where where do we begin? I actually was watching a video from you today that I was going to ask you about because and you were talking about the way Republicans and people who are anti-abortion have been able to use disa the disability community towards their their agenda because there's so much the ways that the left and liberals we discuss we discuss abortion by talking about how we don't want to have disabled children and people and we don't consider them and so the right is able to pull. So tell me more about that. Yeah. So, there's this book called Feminist Queer [ __ ] which I recommend to everyone. It's by Allison Cafer, and she talks about this in one section of her book where she's discussing specifically um a group that it basically recruits disabled people utilizing the left's language around disability, which is you're not a mistake. You're never going to be a mistake in God's eyes. You know, we're the ones that actually affirm your existence. They question it even with you in the room. Um, and there have been recruitment videos featuring disabled people. I've I went to Catholic school I went to Catholic high school. So, there would be people that come into our high school to talk about a set of disability. Um, and I'd be like, "What are you all talking about?" Um, and and I even when I was in college, like there would be anti-abortion advocates that would yank me off the street to ask pro other protesters like, "Would you want her mother to abort her?" And I'd just be sitting there like, "Get off me." like I'm I'm a person, not a prop, right? And like I'm just trying to go to class. So, this has been very uh this has been a long time coming. Like this has been decades in the making. And I just saw an article from The Hill that said, you know, disabled lives matter in terms of them trying to use that tagline to say we're against abortion because our lives matter. And disabled people have always been really big advocates for abortion rights because of things like Buck V. bill, which has never been overturned, which allows people to forcibly sterilize disabled people um and black women and women of color and just people of color. And so we've always been heavy on the repro reproductive access, but you can only hear you're a mistake for so long before you're like, I'm done or yeah, your existence is used as justification for why people should be able to do this, right? And that that is messed up because it shows how we do messaging. like there there are a million other ways to advocate for reproductive rights in terms of how it benefits all of us. And yet people choose that. And that kind of speaks to the general problem, right? Because I I see this a lot. People discussing the fact that if we all advocated for a world that was inclusive to people with disabilities, it would be better for all of us. And I think I see that example a lot with um when those clips go viral on Twitter. I think there was one recently of uh a plus-sized woman on the subway on the plane and she was explaining why we need bigger seats and everyone's just trying to fat shame and attack her rather than recognize that we all would stand to benefit, right? I mean, even just like, you know, there's no even just having wider seats just for everybody. I don't get why people are like, "Oh, you're fat. Then you should buy two seats." She there's a woman who bought two seats and she did exactly what everybody tells her to do and they're still there like, "Well, you're just fat." Oh, you just don't want them to exist. That's the really the bottom line. That really is it. That That really is it. And I think I think what's unfortunate is you see that in a very transparent way when it comes to the conversation around disability rights because they quite literally are saying that they are using the fact that people have disabilities as like a plague on them. Like they're a cursed people that we don't want to be like people. And it and it is unfortunate because people do have a tendency to look at people with disabilities as though they're proof of their own personal blessings like in comparison. Oh my gosh. Um so often. Yes. How how did you get into this work? How did you become like the disability rights activist that you are? Um I procrastinated one big thing. So So this is a story I usually tell and it's 100% true. I had to do like a media studies course and I had to pick a topic to discuss for my pro for some big project. It was like my final project. I waited till the last second to choose a topic and I thought my professor would take pity on me if I just said disability and gave him like big puppy eyes. He like sure he was like I don't care whatever. So I just read all these things about disability and for most of my life I had been internalizing a lot of the ways in which disability and abbleism is manifest in the world. So, I thought it was my fault that I walk too slow or like I'm rushing to I'm rushing with nobody behind me because I feel like I'm holding somebody else behind me. Um or like people who come up to you and say, "Oh, if I were you, I'd kill myself, but you're you're such you're so brave to leave the house even." And I realized it was such a relief to see and hear from other disabled people that these perceptions were beyond me, that it wasn't my fault, that it was something that somebody else was going through or other disabled people were going through. Um, and from then on I was like, "This makes my life make sense." And so, like, I just kept reading about it and talking about it and reading about it and talking about it. Um, and I started writing my own blog because even in disability spaces, you don't really see or at least did not see a whole ton of black people talking about disability. Um, and most disability spaces are very much so white le, very white. I won't lie. Uh, so like I started to talk about my own story with my disability, um, and the ways I was raised cuz it was it the stories that I was hearing didn't always match up with mine. Like the abbleism made sense, but like the way I was raised was very different. Yeah, I there's there's so much to learn and I've been trying to think about this and be more conscious about this recently even with I posted a video the other day about uh the young boy that had been killed by the police in California and he is autistic. But I said I said had had autism when I uh did the caption and someone was explaining to me why that was problematic. And I thought, mind you, both my little brothers, I have twin brothers who are both autistic. And and I still never my whole life had even been told that or made aware like the difference between saying autistic versus had autism and the way that we talk about neurode divergent people. Even though and there's a spectrum of this kind of uh problematic look at disability, right? Cuz even within my own household, my mother and bless my mother's heart, but my my the way my mother sees my brothers being autistic as like a curse upon her, her them, everybody. The way I like I'm like it's it's interesting how you could see somebody be so well-intentioned and have so much love and they love you, but the way that they see the world and the way they see disability like allows them to address it in this way that is so harmful and I think like worsening the problem. And I'm trying to figure out how to be more mindful and how to learn more about this because I don't want to walk the world this doing this. Yeah. And I find too, especially especially with um black people and people of color, language is a lot of times the biggest barrier. Now before people who are very much so online like I am, please understand what I'm saying. This does not mean that people of color or black people are any more ableist than any other group. But I find that it the language is usually like the biggest barrier because those labels hurt them more. Yeah. Right. So there's no there's no desire to actually really claim those labels. And when I was working for like an agent, a disability agency, I was like stay away from the language. Get them to the resources first. Like get like get them the resources first. We can worry about what it's called later, you know? Um and they that sounds like what your experience is essentially. is like, you know, the language. You're kind of catching up with the language, but you're just really worried about the safety first. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I And I And I'm wondering how much I think my whole life I I'm really seeing it more with with autism and trying to recognize my own life. You think that I I think disability discourse I I you were kind of the first person who really put it on my radar truly to like really realize like, oh [ __ ] we really don't think about that. like even on the left with all the advocacy that we're doing is being left out. I I think you first brought that to my attention during co like watch uh seeing you the way that you even the fact that they talk about the pandemic. We talk about the pandemic in past tense or people have just decided to move on or people's willingness or even I think ma mainly actually when you think about it if you zoom out the whole way that we responded to co is kind of innately the most ableish and of itself right because the first the attitude people have is well only people who have disabilities or otherwise vulnerable are the ones who will suffer most and people's willingness to disregard all of those people as though like whatever your life's not worth living or it's not worth saving or doesn't desire the same level of protection. Yeah. I mean that that goes back as old as time in in a lot of different cultures. Um but when it when it comes to like pandemics and like triage I remember so I was working for a federal disability agency. So it's kind of like a disability agency/nonprofit. It's the way disability is enforced in this country is very weird. So but that's another story. But I was working for that at the time that the pandemic came down and we we were reading like medical rationing guidelines that basically said, "Oh, if you are a person with a disability, you can't go into the hospital with your caregiver or your aid or if you're a person with a disability um and we see and we're overwhelmed, we're going to choose somebody who has greater capacity to live than you." Um, when if you're a person with a disability, I think in New York, they they had medical rationing guidelines that said if you're a disabled person that uses like a ventilator or a tube or you're like breathing through a tube um through a ventilator, they have the right to confiscate your ventilator, personal ventilator, if you go to the hospital and give it to a non-disabled person who has a better chance of living. And at the same time, people are acting like, well, you know, if you're only if you're unhealthy will you die. Only if only if you like really are not doing the right things you should be doing to begin with will you die. No. The system is quite literally taking resources to save non-disabled people because they're more valuable to save. I had no [ __ ] clue that was happening. I I had no idea. And the the story that has like been brushed under the radar the most has been all these DNRs that were signed for disabled people with intellectual and developmental disabilities because again they weren't allowed to go to the hospital with their caregivers. So all of a sudden a bunch of people who had never had DNR signed like oh you know there's a DNR for this person here's a DNR for that person. I remember even in Swed I think it was Switzerland or Sweden, they were like, "Oh, we're commending, you know, Switzer mitigation." They were giving people morphine instead of treatment. H I did not know that at all. Like not even a blip on my radar did I hear about any of that. And you would think those would be the things that would be breaking news. Yeah. And people And people were thinking that disabled people are are still panicking to a certain extent about going into the hospital. We're not treated the same. It was just last October, I think it was, that they even uh allocated dis the disability community as a community that sees lesser health outcomes because of disability discrimination. So even just going to the hospital can be a risk. um even the pandemic with like um deaf blind people, people who were both deaf and blind, they lost all access to their aids and caregivers, so they couldn't even go grocery shopping. They couldn't get like supplies. Um and people have this idea of the pandemic. Oh, we know we were in quarantine for like a year. I'm like, what are you all talking about? you know, the people's memories are so far gone when it comes to the pandemic itself that disabled people are kind of being seen as like alarmists for even discussing it. And even to this, I've heard at least four people who have been uh 5150 put in psych wards by medical systems for asking their their medical staff to put on masks in front of them. Wow. And you and you wow first of all I think the worst part is that I can't even say is that people's memories are short because I don't think people were ever once thinking about the pandemic or co it was ever a part of the main discourse about those things or how it was impacting disabled people and the reality is you would think in a in a in a different world you would think a medical professional's job or priority most was going to be the people who are most vulnerable in terms of medical help and medical assistance, which you would think in in the perfect world, in the correct world, the just world, it would be disabled people that would be the priority in in in medical care. And yet, because of the way people innately devalue the lives of disabled people that's those that's not who's they're being depprioritized. That is that is insane. I I didn't even hear about that. Is there anybody who's lobbying who's who's act who is being making sure that media coverage or anything happens disabled people you know I think too we're seeing when we talk when we hear a lot about disability in the news we're hearing a lot more about like forced institutionalization right when we think about when I think about disability in the news currently I think about Prop One in California which these care courts expanding care courts expanding um uh like like just people not not going to going to treat without their consent, right? Which violates due process, which which you know puts people into these situations for however long. Um puts them in in the snares of a system that doesn't really see them as valuable. Um and pe and people are bringing these systems back like these from 1974 until like now. That is the the full span of time in which disabled people have been fully allowed to be in public from the 1860s till 1974 when the last ordinance dropped. It was illegal in many places for disabled people to be even be in public. So when when I see like this discourse around oh we need we need these people to be put in mental hospitals against their will. We need people to be um sectioned against their will. I'm like this is a return to a time you don't want. You don't want, especially when we're when we've lost Roie Wade, especially when we see trans rights in the in the crosshairs of the religious right. You don't want these things. Um, so that's how I hear disability discussed. Um, but for the most part, it's usually what's the ROI on disability rights. Yeah, I hear that a lot from people like Anderson Cooper who truly cannot stand the Americans with Disabilities Act. like like at least once or twice a quarter he runs a story on how small businesses are punished for not being accessible. Um you know we have yeah things like that and and for us as disabled people it's like us using social media has been such a game changer because we're not believed about the things we experience. Yeah. We have to like shout to the rooftops for even like a single story to be put into the news. the and I can imagine there's an overlap. There has to be an overlap with the way disability rights are being treated with like the criminalization of people struggling with it got to be like I'm seeing it now and and we're constantly those are like those are the populations easiest for people to expand to get mass consent for to to be dehumanized and have their rights rolled over right is going to be people who find themselves in that group. It's all under the same umbrella. So if you have any like the ADA, the last clause of it is anyone with a history of such an of such an impairment or anyone who can be witnessed as having such an impairment. That's it. People expect like there's a list of disabilities that qualify. There's a list of diagnoses or illnesses. No. Like to be covered under the ADA, that's pretty much it. You have to have a history of of an illness or a diagnosis of an illness. And sometimes you don't even need necessary paperwork to be considered disabled disabled. Um, and so that's a good and bad thing. You have people that need to self diagnose because the medical system does not recognize them. It's hard to get access to treatment, access to diagnostic testing. Then you have the people that have been diagnosed since birth like myself. Um, but at the same time, you have people that will weaponize it against multiple different groups of people. Um, and we see that these cross this cross over everywhere. Once you start seeing it, you can't unsee it. Oh my. And and I think that's I think that's part of the reason why you see uh people why you see people so unwilling or reluctant to learn more about it or engage with disability discourse. And I think it's because that's precisely it. I think people don't want to have to like see something else or take on something else because I think it feels so far gone like there's so much work to do there, right? because there's so little attention being done in disability rights. It's so much work to even get to to learn to learn about it to yourself try to be mindful to yourself try to figure out what meaningful you can do and then to try to like tell people who otherwise are being completely invisible to an idea like they haven't even thought of it and I ah how have you how have you gotten into I saw a video from you where you talked about how you believe anybody can be effective an effective messenger if they have the right language and the right tools how have you gone about being a messenger because you've been really successful at you've so successful. You are the prominent disability rights activist in my brain. So, how have you gone about that? Um, first I like to take into consideration who I'm talking to. Um, I try to like factor in their identities and kind of really coax them into thinking about how disability impacts their daily lives. I think that demonstrating to people that for the most part they're not as healthy as they think they are is probably the hardest thing. Um, I do this exercise where I tell people go about your day as normal and I want you to write down every single thing you do like but like minutely. Remember when they taught us about like the scientific process? I want you to write down every single observation you make about your day and what you are physically doing to get your day going and to have and to perform throughout the day. And then I tell them that night I want you to cross things off the list that are just performances of ability. Right. Yeah. And I'm like, I think about, you know, standing to do the dishes. Who said you have to stand? You go put up a chair. Nobody said you can't do that. Who told you, right? Or, you know, not taking that nap here or there. Why didn't you take that nap? You could have taken that. You were No, I got to take that nap. Right. Like, nobody told you you couldn't, right? Um, and so I asked him like, "What are you doing to perform ability for they and who is it for? Who are you performing it for?" And the more that they break down the ways in which our society tells us to constantly be working, to constantly be breaking our bodies down, the more they start to realize, oh, I'm impacted by disability. I could use accommodations. I could use things to be easier throughout my life. And then I start to use the language of here's how this looks systemically. Here's how what the cost is to all of us that we do not have accommodations or a society that is built for all of us. Um, and here's the ways in which your ignorance around disability has impacted your own rights, your own access, you know, and could still threaten your rights. Um, yeah, that makes me think of a few years ago. My friend Akis was working at a plant store and the people who own the plant store fired them because they didn't want to. They told them that they needed to stand all day at the desk and they were sitting because why? like why should they be standing up all day in the plant store? And they told them and so when they had demanded that they have to stand all day, my friend said that's ableist. Like that's incredibly abbleist that I would have to and and they were like but you're not disabled. And they could not understand the argument that they're making like this is still ableist. It's still unnecessary. You're still requiring some kind of physical labor on my body for no reason. Yeah. Exactly. And if you actually so we're hearing, we're talking a lot, we're hearing a lot in social media about people looking for jobs and like looking like 500 600 sometimes applications just for jobs. And if you start to look at applications, you'll start to notice things like must be able to lift 30 pounds for a job that's like basically data entry. Why would you need to learn why would you need to lift 30 pounds for it to date for a data job like that? If you're doing database stuff like it's on the computer, you don't need it. that is basically to to screen out disabled people so they apply to those jobs because they don't want to have to in any way acknowledge your rights or the place be accessible because they look at because they look at disabled people as a burden. Mhm. Yeah. And and and I think we've all been kind of conditioned. We all been conditioned to see disability as a burden because even with like on over the weekend or like two weekends ago, I was spending the weekend with my boyfriend's family and I I this is the first time I've seen them since I found out I had this autoimmune disorder and I've had to radically change my like diet and lifestyle and I was like don't don't tell my boyfriend don't don't tell them like don't make a fuss like I don't want to seem like a fuss over I'm like it's fine I will suffer like I don't want even though they would I just myself they would they would accommodate me there's my boyfriend's family but I innately have kind of internalized this idea that your burden is a fuss to have to bother for people. Yeah. Also too, like my I remember my I had an argument with my mom like a few years like when I was in college because I was a feminist. I'm still I was a feminist at the time. Notice the the inflection change. Um but as like she I remember my mom looking at me and I was like I had to teach myself about disability. She said, "Yeah, because I I raised you to be a black woman first, not a disabled black woman." And I remember being like really upset at her over that. But my mom basically like when I when I was little, if I fell, she would stand there. Like she would look at me, she like, "Okay, go get back up." Like she would stand there and like people would threaten to call the cops, CPS, cuz if I fell in the store and people saw her just standing there, they'd be like, "Oh my god, this is so abusive." But then I would get back up and like go about my day. Um, and I think too that's how culture kind of impacts disability in a lot of ways is that particularly as a black woman and as black women I'm not going to sit there and ask for help like and it's hard for me to do so. Um, and it's and to this day I still have to unlearn like doing things on my own simply because you know I that's how I'm trained to do things. Yeah. And like you're saying, not making a fuss, but you're not making a fuss. Like you're at a restaurant, you have dietary like you're you're [ __ ] we're learning some things like you can't um a fuzz, you know? And so I'm learning that behavior within ourselves like that exercise that I have people do to to really think about the ways in which they're able to themselves because it's always projected outward. H how do you are you glad that your mom did that? Because I know cuz sometimes the thing the unfortunate thing about us being black people and being black women is that even though we should get help. We should get help. We should be entitled to that help. We have every right to ask for that and we should ask for that help. We do live in a world that doesn't like to give us help. You know what I mean? That receives that receives us even expressing that we could need help or that we're and and feels angry about it. The world does not like when black women say that we need assistance and help. So, how do you feel about that? I I'm I like the way I was raised. I think my parents were very tough on me. Um, but I had a very like outside of the outside of being in physical therapy all the time, I had a very regular childhood. You know, my mom like they still had me do chores. Um, like I was still taking the trash in. Like I would loop my crutch into the handle of the band and drag my crutch me. Like I figured out different ways of doing things because I had to. And I think that my mom really kind of fostered not just like my independence, but also my imagination because I had to figure out ways to do things for myself. And that's neither here nor there. I think that my parents, especially young black people in the '9s before the ADA was even a thing, you know, like they were raised in that era of like disabled people being erased. Um, and also like part of the issue, but part of the way that my mom raised me was because people kept telling her to put me in a home. Like people kept walking up to be like, "Don't you want to put her somewhere? Don't you want to don't you isn't there somewhere that she can go?" Mom's like, "No." And cuz, you know, she was basically not just raising me, but raising me in such a way where like people couldn't just put me away when I was older, right? Um, so I don't regret the way that my parents raised me because not only is it the only thing that they knew, it's also the time in which they were raising me too. Yeah. It's so it's it's so unfortunate, right? Because like so often if you tell a story, you tell a story like that, especially on this world and on this internet, there are people who hear any anytime a black person, any person, any marginalized person, anybody tells a story about how they they they overcome or they do things or they in any way navigate the the the diffic the barriers that they have. Instead of people har like zooming out and saying oh yeah we should create a world with less barriers they go well see you navigated those barriers and they think like that they they should ah everybody else should just navigate those barriers. Well that too I think I had to unlearn that as well because when you're disabled and like exemplary like quote unquote exemplary like I was in all the clubs. My my mom also signed me up for a lot of activities and wouldn't tell me until I showed up at the Y like at chess. Why was I in chess club for three days a week? Um but you know they when it when it comes to like identifying as disabled and having like this idea around disability, people go to go to their immediate reaction. Oh, you shouldn't be in society. Oh, you shouldn't be here. Like you shouldn't even be in the room. And so even when we're asking people to think about disability, we have to remember a lot of people don't even see disabled people. Yeah. They don't interact with disabled people ever because society has made it so hard for us to navigate um daily life. Like even I lived in New York for like 3 to four years. I was living there when the subway was not accessible. I was getting up at like when like we would take the subway sometimes. I'd be up at 93rd Street like walking up to you know like oh no be like all right come up the stairs. My mom Okay, this is actually a funny story. So I don't know there's a school called Delta um ES64 I think it was. My mom was like dead set on me getting into this school and I didn't test into it. I don't take tests very well. I'm not a good test taker so I didn't pass the test to get into the school. But every single day she went up to that school and was like, "You better let my daughter into the school. The school started like this is like this is the term that I was supposed to be." She's like, "Every single day 911 happened and they were so distracted by watching TV. They're like they said yes. They said yes. The problem was she didn't tell them I was disabled. So it was a school without an elevator and it was up five up and down five flights of stairs. So I show up. So I show up to school at this new school that I'm now let in because of 911 and they I'm standing there with my crutches and they're like, "No, we like you can't have her here." And my mom's like, "Well, now it's disability discrimination. So you choose like you choose." All your mommy's a gangster. Like so she like so I would so between class she just said to them, "Give her time between classes. She'll be fine." So, I would like I'd have like 10 minutes between classes. I'd be walking up and down between my classes, you know, at school because she didn't help them. I can't I can't decide if your mother is your greatest advocate or also your greatest oppressor. Sometimes we don't know like we'll just look at her be like, "You did what?" Like, no, but stuff like that. I would have been so tight in high school. I used to listen I went to I went to a boarding school there in West Virginia that required that you had you needed I think three athletic credits to graduate. I would I would have you know I am athletically inept. There is not one athletic bone in in my body except I'm fast but my breasts are too big for me to be running anywhere. God didn't intend for that to be the plan. So So I'm athletically inept and so I have to join these teams. So I'm on the track and field team because I have to be to graduate. And so I'm on I'm doing I'm doing the field part, but they make you do warm-up laps like every day. I promise you every day, Imani, I'm in class plotting on a new way to get out of these [ __ ] laps. Like I feel that so hard. Like my gym class in high school because um religious schools are exempt from the ADA. So they like they like so they were so I still had to like go participate in gym class but my participation was me basically going to gym changing into my gym clothes and then by the time I finished that I changed back into my uniform. It was that was it. I was like I'm not doing this so I got listen and I I it was really terrible. I would like I would do foolishness like I'd start the warm-up laugh and then act like I'm getting a call. Oh my god, I got to run run out of the police store. And then one time, one time I was running, they they made us do the warm-up laps and this in front of everybody, too. There's a lot of people. I'm doing the warm-up laps on this shiny track on the B. You know how the basketball court be? The basketball court is slippery smooth child. I'm running. I'm running. I fall, but because it is sheer weight of my breast propels me across the shiny floor, shoots me forward. When I tell you these people laugh, laugh laugh till they could not laugh no more. I said, "See, keep me out of here. I'm not meant to participate." There's no this life. No, I No, I was already on thin ice because I was I would leave school. So, school got out at 2:45. I would leave school at 2 o'clock every day. I had a class. I So, I was already at least, but I would just leave and go home. Elizabeth, I feel that. I feel that deeply. My whole senior year, I stopped going to Spanish class. Shout out to Senior Pazada. Uh, I love him. And I am terrible at foreign lang. Let me explain something, Emani. The part of your brain I actually know this to be fact that the part of my brain for languages doesn't work. That's why I can't do music. I could not learn music like like how to read music for the life of me. Can't read music. Can't do no foreign languages. Can't do math. Okay. Anything. Science is a little tricky, too. Anything that comes up with its own way of communication, it's a wrap for me. I will get a A in everything else and fail out any kind of language. So, I literally had to make a deal with my Spanish teacher. Like, I will not attend this class. I will go sit in the senior the senior lounge and not disrupt your class if you just pass me. Like, I mean, like, at that point, he I would be like, "Yes, sure. Whatever." Like, I I just don't want you distracting my class. That's exactly what he did. That's hilarious. No, I Yeah, I was always my family. So, my whole family on my dad's side is all musicians and stuff. So, I had to take the music class and all that stuff. So, yeah. So, first of all, that's amazing music. Second of all, I too had to take uh the music uh the music class because I might not know if your mommy is an advocate or oppressor, but I know my mommy's an oppressor. No, like so my whole So, my dad's family is like the Barbara and Jazz family out of New Orleans. So my dad like every year we we had to play music and my mom would be up there like yeah I said so she'd be like his enforcer because my dad like throughout my childhood my dad was not home during the week. My dad live worked in New York and so on the weekend so she'd be his eyes and ears. I was like you're like why telling him that I didn't practice all week like I I Oh your mommy is a she's precious. Oh your mommy is exciting. I love that. I I love that. No. So, okay. Well, then now what are we into? We into your life, Emani. Yes. Cuz I want to hear about that. Like what? Because Yeah. I want you to have your interview of your flowers. Like I want to learn from you. I'm here in a student capacity, but I also want everybody to learn who you are. Like everybody knows you and the work and advocacy you do, but I want an opportunity for us to pull back the curtain and Yeah. I mean like my I grew up uh I grew up in like Downing Town, PA. Like I I went to Catholic school. I went to So I went to like five different schools between fifth grade and 10th and 9th grade. Uh cuz we around a lot redistricted. It was a whole mess. Um yeah, like I don't know what people want to know. Like I used to talk about myself. Um, yeah. I went to the Y for I don't know like Do you have a patty money? Never had a Oh, no. Never had a pet. My brother's pet unal aliveded itself. It was a fish and it jumped out. It jumped out, right? It jumped out and behind his books. And so my mom like always jokes that if my brother read more like we'd find the fish sooner. Um um but like my my family is West Indian on my mom's side and my family is from New Orleans on my dad's side. Oh, where what what islands? Uh St. Vincent and Barbados. Oh, I I I once dated a man from St. Vincent, so I'm hating on Vincy people right now, but I I but I'm not going to say anything too on tour, but I agree. Yeah. Listen, Caribbe Caribbean men. It's funny. In the same breath, I in the same breath you discover a new kind of Caribbean man. You're like, "Oh, you're like all the other Caribbean men I know." Like, so my grandfather's from St. Vinc. Vincent, and we are convinced to this day, no matter what, my grandmother has been trying to kill this man for like 40 years. Like, he's been trying to murder this man. One day, we walked into their house. And have you ever seen that episode of Friends where Ross gets his teeth bleached to the point? Unbelievable. His teeth look like that. And we're like, "Why so white?" He's like, "No, no, no. It's fine. It's fine." Like, "No, no. Why are your teeth so white?" He's like, "I not your thing." Bleach. Rinse his mouth out with bleach. She She wound up getting gent violet, which is like a ringworm cream. It's bright purple. She got toothpaste tube and so he was brushed with it. His mouth was bright purple. And to get it out, he had to rinse his mouth out with bleach three times. Your Grammy has had enough kill. And he like And we're like, "How's grand?" She's like, like, "Okay." All right. Like, oh, I love that your your family are a whole summoner. I did not know you had West Indian roots. I love that. I'm gonna I'm going to tap you in the next time the diaspora was come from my Caribbean. So, like, please get Immi. Maddie does not have poor American grandparents. That's how I'm gonna get you. What What has been the most challenging part of the work you're doing and or like build and building a platform? I want to learn more about what it's been like for you doing that. I think it's the I think the hardest part is that there's no separation between my identity and my platforms. Um, I think that it's it especially hit a head when it was like this is my full-time job because I was working in disability advocacy. I'm doing this online and then I'm also living it. And so it was it was so overwhelming every single day. I left my job to work for myself um in disability advocacy cuz it was middle of the pandemic. Um reading over medical rationing, constantly changing guidelines for disabled people. Um it was just devastating to to to read every single day and then also having to share stories about disabled people who were denied care or like couldn't get resources. Um, I think that that's been the hardest part because people assume that like if you love what what you do, you'll never work in a day in your life. But no, if you're if what you're doing is surrounded by your identity, it there's there's no off switch. There is no off. Um, yeah. And I find that that's probably the hardest part. Um, the consistency part cuz I have this mentality, right? The more the more people argue with me, the more I'm going to go in. The more people think that they're going to troll me and I'm like, I'm going to troll you back so hard you'll block me. That is my challenge for today. And so that stuff doesn't bother me as much. Although my parents do um my my dad has me blocked and my mom has well because my dad well first of all when I first started my dad would literally call me every single time I tweeted and be like don't talk about like you don't want to lose your opportunity for jobs because you're talking about this was my mommy my mommy was like that yeah he would call me and mind you he I was in Paris at the time I was in grad school in Paris so oh that's lit thank you but he was calling me on a time delay Okay. And like why are you calling me? Like um so he would call me after every single time, but he the reason he blocked me wasn't because of that. It was because he kept seeing people like threaten to like hurt me or and that was painful to see. Yeah. Or like make fun of my weight. Um and my parents are like, "Well, is there always asking me, is there anybody that could read your comments for you? Like I don't want you to see that every day." Like your parents are so much cuter than my parents because my mother will call me will send me WhatsApp audio notes reading the haters comments in my you like I'm like what is wrong with you miss like why are you like this? No my mommy my mommy is my biggest hater. She'd be there like this like they said they called you a racist to lie to me like like mommy and my dad like my dad's big thing now is calling people be like are you worried about Tik Tok dad all right like I'll be fine he's like you're directly under fire right like when I was like are you worried about Tik Tok what are your prospects on Tik Tok and then he started asking me like now how can I get on Tik Tok I'm like what do you mean like I would give but are you worried about Tik Tok Um, yes and no. Yes and no. I think I think the the House of Representatives took a big swing. Um, and I think what their their biggest problem is that they did it so fast that everything that they're dragging their feet on looks intentional. Yeah. And I think that at a time when people are losing faith in government, to see how quickly our elected officials will act on something that is not is frivolous to them, but is important to so many of us. Yeah. That has really kind of reoriented how people think about their government in the first place. Um, and now I think that the Senate is going to try to slow roll any sort of deliberation on banning Tik Tok simply because of how fervent the backlash has been. Yeah. And it's an election year. I feel like a lot of people forget, you know, when we talk about, not to get too nerdy, when we talk about communications, everything is informed by everything else going on. Yeah. So, I don't think that they anticipated people seeing everything at once in this way. I honestly I think that's why personally I think the election is why you see such a strong bipartisan support for this Tik Tok ban suddenly and it came so fast and to me it's because Tik Tok is not doing neither the Democrats or Republicans any favors and I really think I really think that I think they really realize the magnitude of how um public social consciousness can shift when it came to Palestine more than anything else because I think listen there's always been it has massively. Obviously, social media has done a lot for a lot of progressive movements and lots of marginalized voices they wouldn't otherwise hear, but there's always been an appetite or at least a space for pro black activism or for women or for all these other groups or LGBT rights. There has not been this kind of vocal support or people willing to [ __ ] you, cancel me, whatever have you. I'm coming out probot Palestine and share the information. And like I've never in my 30 years of living. this is the first time since like October 7th you've been able to see like people feel comfortable like no the majority of people being like oh no no no this is wrong I this is unacceptable and I think that's when I saw Democrats and Republicans both be like well when [ __ ] no when you think about like a culture and how like an identity of a culture is formed it's formed not just by how you you say what you say you are like it's not just me saying I'm a man this is who I am like and me forming a culture around that it's also about how other people experience me So when what what the US and what the western powers have essentially done and what they do with every single marginalized demographic that they don't like is they have they have manufactured how other people experience people they've never met, right? And that's how stereotypes are formed. That's how um racism continues to be per perpetuated. But when it comes to being able to sit there in front of a phone and have access to the world and say who you actually are, here's my world. Here's what I am living through. You cannot deny that you hear planes in the back of my head circling me. You cannot deny that I'm stepping over the bodies of my relatives to speak to you. That alone is is breaking down those formulated identities that they didn't have a a hand in making themselves. Does that make sense? So like the the capacity to have social media, the capacity to say who you are has given people so much leeway to to just exist and it gives them more of a right to exist. And I think it it has happened with the disability community because we are such an isolated group of people that people don't take us seriously in in in uh just alone but like when people can coalate their experiences with others more people are aware of what is going on and it's happening with Palestinians too. It's not that they weren't on social media, but now that it is a moment in which they can all come together, in which we can witness and watch, it is also formulating an entirely different identity that the US and Western powers can no longer control as adequately as they have historically done so. And I think that's important, right? Because I think it's important that people understand is not just like a Tik Tok ban. It's that they want to own Tik Tok because they don't they're not that's what it is. It's about wanting control over Tik Tok and what information and what they do like with other social media apps. Like I people don't realize how people don't realize just how much our side of the aisle are are completely kept away from them, right? Like whether it be and like the other day I was I was both disheartened but also happy to see Meta have that explicit in Instagram. They have the default settings. defaults. They they made a default setting on everybody's Instagram accounts where um if you go there limiting all what they deem political content. So the things that we produce is automatically to go to your settings settings and literally turn that off because they put there as the default. And you know on one hand I'm like wow this is [ __ ] crazy. But on the other hand I already know that the algorithms and stuff do that to us. So, it was nice to have a confirmation that you could explicitly point to to everybody else like look well in their monetization guidelines, if you look at Meta's monetization monetization guidelines on Instagram and on Facebook, it literally has a disability section where it says you cannot talk about disability unless it is in a positive light. Wow. Oh, so when people are like, you know, so when people are like, you know, Meta is doing A, B, and C and they're in the pockets, like they've always been they've always they've always really circulated and and and operated within like this this like hyper toxic positivity or this like never addressing real issues and Facebook and it's funny because Facebook should be facing the most consequences for messing with people's data data, you know. Exactly. That's why exactly. Why are we pretending like Meta wasn't up there with Cambridge Analytica and giving up like all of our data to all these different companies? That's why it's crazy seeing people like drink the Kool-Aid being like, "Oh, they it's about privacy. It's about misinformation." Like Twitter spreading misinformation. Oh, our privacy cuz China and all this stuff. I'm like, you know, just by the existence of Meta and Facebook and everything else, you know, they don't give a [ __ ] about any of that. No. No. And not only that, but like the idea that like China is is perpetuating propaganda makes literally no sense. Because when you think about how people are coming aware of things, they're not becoming aware of things because of China itself. It's because other people in the United States even are sharing their experiences. Because I have always said the greatest indication of how the economy is doing is not what the Dow Jones is doing. It's not what the news is saying it's doing. It's what's on the kitchen table. Right? People are seeing less and less and less and that is what they are connecting with other people about. There's a woman on that she calls it dollar store meals or dollar store dinners. That account is viral because she is providing recipes for affordable meals on Tik Tok. That has little to do with what China is doing and everything to do with people responding to their very real circumstances before them. And they don't and and they don't want to hear that because you know I I think people people take it's easy to forget that if it weren't for the fact that we live in this internet social media world of that we have if it were not for that people would never hear from people like me and you like they would never hear like I'm like so I'm like if you think about that if you really think about every content creator every advocate activist journalist writer person that you follow that you get information from that you've learned a [ __ ] ton of imagine just deleting all of that. Like that's the world and that's the world they would prefer where you only had the mainstream media sources that we don't even the average person now isn't even turning to you know. No I mean well the thing you would hear about disability would be from Autism Speaks which like had adverts about driving their children off the road or like you know things like that. That would be the the main consensus of what disability looks like towards the general population. That's just not what it is. Speaking of Autism Speaks, someone had tweeted at me just days ago. People were people someone said something to me like, "Oh, I would love to see you do something with Autism Speaks." And I'm like, "Y'all ain't heard this is a hate group yet." Like that hasn't made like that hasn't made it to the main the forefront. And you know what's crazy? Organizations like that have done so much or in Lifetime movies have done so much harm to to how people think of autism and thus the experience of of of of autistic people and like their families and loved ones because I listen I grew up in a and my both my brothers um they're twins. They both have autism or are autistic, I should say. And my my family, my my mommy, I grew up in the world of my mommy feeling like that is a like a plague, you know what I mean? Like she loves my brother so much, but like there are certain things that she would say and that was reinforced to her by like Autism Speaks and movies that they would come out. I remember there being some Lifetime movie where they would act like it's like they would act like there needs to be like a miracle like they're trying to get people out like trying to get rid of the autism. And I'm like, versus they're they're autistic. They're neurody divergent. This is what it is. Like you don't think about that? Like I had to say like point that out to her like mommy really think about that. Yeah. My my grandmother would ambush me at like random churches. So she my grandmother living now, but I was like so pissed. My nana is like she's Catholic. On Sunday she like let's walk to this church. Let's go to a different church. My grandmother is like staunch Catholic. like side of the cross, very prim and popper. We'd walk into these churches, there'd be people speaking tongues. There'd be people like dancing around the aisles. I'm like, "Why are we here?" And then I would we'd get to the section where it be like, "And now for us to lay our healing hands." And my neighbor would be like, "Shove me out of the pew and like walk up and I'd be like, oh, this is why I'm here. This is why I'm at Oh my gosh. Oh, you know, oh my the way religion the you know there needs to be we have to really have a discussion between rel the the overlap between religion and and and abbleism and how that that works in hand in hand because you know my daddy who is one of the most intelligent human beings I've ever met in this life but the way one time I promise you my mommy is probably has like my mommy is probably like borderline right but lives of the world of Caribbean people who are not going to go get a diagnosis and address mental health as mental health issues. My mommy is pretty me and my sisters have take gone to therapy and the therapists have been like I'm not going to diagnose her cuz she's not my but it sounds to me they've brought the textbook like your mom is borderline because I remember I called my sister once like mommy like Fei did you know that my my therapist said that mommy could be borderline and my and my my sister was like my therapist said that years ago but rather than think that right my daddy goes your mother has demons like rather than your mother has demons And I promise you, I pray he doesn't watch this interview cuz he does watch my channel. My daddy got on a plane, went to Nigeria where he don't go. My daddy's from Nigeria, but and he moved to the Bahamas when he was like 19. He's been there my whole life. He's only ever gone to Nigeria twice. And as for his parents' funeral, but he hopped on a plane to Nigeria to go to some church that he had been watching on YouTube to get some some holy water to to splash on my mama. Yes. I do that 100%. No, because my grandmother kept like giving me vials of holy water. No, because actually my mom my so my mom basically my parents were very good about it. My parents are religious too stupid. They have sense in a lot of ways. Like they would go to our relatives and be like, "Stop telling her that you're going to try to get her healed. leave her alone. Like she's fine. Like she they would actually yell at them and be like, "Stop doing that." Because when my mom found out that like we be going to random churches be like why? Like like you know her whole life nothing has happened. Leave her alone. Um very good about that actually. You need to have you watched Book of Clarence? No. If you haven't watched Book of Clarence now based on having told me that story, go watch Book of Clarence with the Keith and come tell me what you thinking. I will. Yes. Yeah. My whole family is just like they they're they're a conundrum. I love them. You know, like everybody else, they're very complicated people. Listen, I feel I feel the same about my own family. Okay. And this has been amazing. So now I got to ask you what what has been the most rewarding like part of the work that you're doing. I love it when people come up to me and they're like, "You make me feel more comfortable in like talking about my disability and saying that it's okay to what I need." And I love that so much. It's like I always like try to like, "Thank you so much." Um, but no, I really do appreciate that because I think that like I spent whole my whole life really just feeling like I was at at odds with the world and feeling like I wouldn't ask for help and and ask for my accommodations and wanting to outperform them. Um, and so like to make it a little bit easier for somebody else's everything. Oh, Imani, this has been amazing. I'm so glad that we did this interview. I have to bring you I have to bring you on an episode of Olay and Friends now soon. You have to come with me on an Olay and Friends. That'll be so much fun. No, this was great. I'm I'm I'm so glad. This was such a great conversation. I've been I've been like dying to talk to you. I'm like, "Oh, I have so many things for Emani to teach me." I feel like I I love there there are a few people who I follow that like there are a lot of people I follow who educate me, but there are a few people that I follow that I'm always like I'm ready to like I really got to go to work and it's you and Deshawn. Like you and Deshawn are probably the people Deshan Harrison who wrote Belly the Beast are the people who have most like I've interacted with your work and been like [ __ ] I have so much so many blind spots. Goddamn it's so much to learn. Y'all are the people who like when I view your content I'm like okay let me let me get let me let me let me get back to it. I got to Yeah. No, I appreciate it and I love talking. I was actually kicked out of a one-on-one piano class for talking too much. She was like not take your parents money anymore. So, I appreciate it giving me space. Oh, I'm I'm the most talkative person on earth, so I was always going to give you that space. Oh, that's what that that No, here's my real last question actually because what can we do better to like as as people in our advocacy I hear a lot like very often I am I'm seeing from you what we're missing like you know what I mean like in in these conversations in these discourse and I want to know what can we we better do people like me like to be more to be better like to help to help help with what's happening. I think legislatively I would support any sort of um increase in funding to home and community based services. Um you know there's a lot of legislation talk about institutional institutionalizing people. Um and we don't want that. We also want to make sure that we're make that we're making sure that caregivers are paid livable wage. Um they're paid on average 1488 per hour across the country. Um which is my editor makes more. Yeah. Which is not great. So, um, we want to make sure that they're taken care of because a lot of times they are queer people, women of color, people who are already marginalized who don't have access to health insurance themselves. So, we want to make sure that those people have access to things. And then also making sure you're thinking about where are the disabled people in the room. Like how do I get people disabled people in this room? U because there whatever you're interested in, whatever you love doing, there's a disabled person that loves doing it too. Um, who else should we be following? What other dis Yeah, Alice Wong. Uh, hi Follow Alice. Tinou Abom Paul. The I love Matthew Matthew Gland is their last name. I would also make sure you're following people like Disabled Bonnet Speaks on Tik Tok. Um, Sean Gold. There's tons of disabled people out there. I promise. And once you start following a few of them, you'll see. You'll find the others. Yeah, you will. Okay. I'm going to put I'm going to make sure we put up the images and socials for all of the people that you named cuz I need that. I need that. Oh, man. This has been amazing. Thank you.