[Music] Shadow versed. Greetings, I'm Shad. >> And greetings, I'm Shad. Tyrant. Mhm. I like armor. Me, too. >> And fighting. >> Me, too. And there's a couple of people who they they get in the gear and they just bash the hell out of each other. Yeah, this is I think this is different to Bohurt though. Like this is this is essentially like an MMA octagon where people just are doing Bohurt. But kind of like But it's you know in a ring. In dueling like >> to be more kind of what's modern MMA cage fighting. >> Yeah. And I have I guess conflicting kind of thoughts with it. Well, I've seen clips of these, you know, people doing this and I'm not sure if it's by a single organized group or it's more dispersed and people, you know, a couple of different people doing it. But I've seen some fun clips of uh people doing this and sometimes the engagements result in some surprising stuff. >> Yeah, yeah. I think first and foremost I should say is that I think it's awesome. I think it's cool as. Uh did you want to Well, let's have a look at one of these, right? So, AMMA armored MMA. That's what it stands for. So, even the setup and like intro is coming in like a more boxing or Yeah. wrestling intro. But the gear he's wearing is legit. Yeah. And so, that shield that's like it's kind of like a mini pavise. Pavis. So, the thing is right, I think it's a natural evolution of a lot of this sort of stuff, right? Because this is where the money's going to be at. If you want to make money doing this, if you want the sport to grow, if you want the awareness to grow, this is really what we're going to be doing, right? Yes, it needs to be I I popularized somehow to get people to want to consume Exactly. Yeah, yeah. They could sponsor. They could sponsor. Yeah, there it is. Like I I get what you're saying. It needs to be popularized somehow. Do you think this is the right direction though? Like could do >> Well, this is the thing right is like we know that a lot of MMA, boxing, I know that they're doing those slap slap things these days, arm wrestling. It's all this sort of thing, right? Kind of this sort of setup. Walkouts big. So, I think that this is the way to do it to get that mainstream attention, which is what you want because it's not going to grow and you're not going to get more investment and money into things if you don't go this route. Maybe. I I'm yet to be convinced cuz it it gets some attention, but it's not it hasn't taken off. I I don't think it's taken off yet because there's no I'm not going to say no, that's maybe not the right word, but boxing or MMA, when you think of people you think of, you know, Mike Tyson, you think of Conor McGregor, Khabib, things like that. You need that sort of personality for this sort of thing, you know what I mean? I like what they're doing here. Like giving the fighters, you know, exactly. And you know, almost card sheets. This week's exclusive video something that needed to happen for a while, you know? We we've been needing something And look and look, okay? We we love old Boromir. He's good, but uh he's not he's not he's not looking the hottest, is he? And so, we're going to talk a little bit about this guy. And also, get your help with something. We need your help. And if you want to help out with our question, become a supporter and that's only $1 a month through SubscribeStar, Patreon or channel memberships and that saves us, okay? Because we know that for some that is a lot and we are so so grateful. And others might think it's only $1 a month, what good will that do? Well, it's the accumulative support and it's because of that support we're still here. This channel would be over if it wasn't for your support. Thank you everyone who is doing it. And if you want to ensure you get that content and be part of the community in a more active way $1 a month, that's all it takes. Patreon SubscribeStar channel memberships saves our bacon. Thank you guys. Looking forward to seeing you in this week's exclusive. And now let's get back to the And now let's get back to the video we are currently talking about doing filming you're here to watch. That's That Let's get back to that one. All right. There is criticism to this. Mhm. And the criticism that I've heard people elaborate on is that it looks like guys just wailing on each other with metal bars with little technique. That was my That's my That's my Like that was where my criticism was leading cuz I wanted to start with all the other stuff of like I do think this is how you If you want it to grow, you want more money, you want this is the the route that is probably going to yield the best results. But in a lot of these sorts of engagements because they are so heavily armored, right? You can just tank everything. >> Exactly. And so, instead of trying to do precise strikes, aim for a small target and defend yourself actively, you never want to get that blade to hit you. You can just let the blade hit the armor and and it's whoever kind of can bash the other the most then. >> Into like submission. Because again, if you wanted to get through some of the armor, right? You would be going through the gaps. Maybe you'd go for underneath the mail, things like that. >> Look at his inside elbows completely exposed. But that would probably be an illegal hit in this situation. >> Maybe. >> Yeah, I would say they're not even allowed to hit in those exposed areas. Safety, of course. But that makes it less realistic at the same time. Again, I think it comes back to what does what does a a casual audience care about? Do they want to see people two people just smash each other or do they care about technique? >> I think I think it's both cuz like you've seen bad boxing where the guys are just wailing on each other and they got no technique. It's You don't like >> I don't know, dude. Like one of >> seeing the weaving and Yeah, yeah, yeah, but it's usually culminated in like, you know, that person knocking the other guy spark out. Like a good example of this was is it Don Frye versus I can't remember. The the the Asian MMA fighter and they are just smashing each other in the face for like 40 seconds straight. >> I've seen that another one where they just both hit each other in the head. And it's considered one of the greatest MMA clips ever. You know what I So, you know? See, like at this point this is where honestly I haven't seen much technique. It's just the like when I say technique, right? There's basic stuff. Yeah, yeah. You know how to hold the sword right to get proper power in the swing, right? But after that it's just, you know, The problem is that isn't really a at least in my opinion there isn't really a solution to it because any of the techniques that you'd want to use are deadly. >> Deadly. That's the point, right? Now, I have seen some good techniques in other clips. Like I saw even see someone do a Dark Souls style Yeah, but it's that's usually the exception to the rule, not the rule. Yeah, where the more more common more like this. Now, I like the grappling, right? But like just smashing each other All right, look there was some blocking there. It's a little better. See, what this ends up being in my mind almost an endurance battle. >> Yeah, I agree. Cuz this is exhausting. >> Oh, yeah. Cuz also remember something like thrusting, right? Is going to be a lot more like in an actual situation, right? You don't see much thrusting. And to be fair, we we don't really see that much in a lot of sword fighting cuz it is just more dangerous to thrust. So, we we do make those What I mean is like we do make those sorts of concessions anyway even when you're doing other sparring. You kind of point out specific techniques that you can identify that either of them are are using. Cuz what I'm seeing here at the moment is the type of style of fighting that they're resorting to, most people who just pick up a sword and shield and start hitting things in the backyard could get I and then develop really good endurance, But remember the reason why is because they have the armor. Like our armor is doing its job, right? It's protecting them from those sorts of things. So, you don't need to. Yeah, and you don't need to resort to reverse edge cuts to get to a right angle to get it in the vulnerability. And like I honestly get a lot more out of HEMA tournaments where technique is paramount and it's just whoever can land a hit and you're trying to deflect those hits as best you can. >> Well, I also think that's why so many people are loving the Quitm stuff when he's doing his non-choreographed fights because they usually go to the grapple, they usually go to the ground and he's, you know, using obviously he's not actually killing people, but they're simulating that sort of thing. I mean, I like that they do it throwing in some like punches with the cross guard or hand when they get in some binds. Cuz my next point my next question was how do you win? I think it's a point system. Whoever got the most hits on the opponent. Uh that's I think I don't think that's good. I think cuz isn't that's what they do with boxing, right? And counter punches. Yeah, but I mean if you knock someone out, you win. That what I mean is that what I'm trying to say is that if you want this sport to really shine, there needs to be some sort of climactic way for it to to be able to end. >> Well, I've seen knockouts in like bow hurt, but that's cuz they're using pole arms. It is and usually it's not it's like knockout it's usually when one person gives up, right? Like somebody gets like a crazy like liver shot, somebody gets take a knee and then they're out, you know? See, I I just don't think there's enough technique to really wow people. I mean, if someone decides to thrust through one of those, you know, visors, but that would be an illegal hit, I bet it is cuz that's That'd be a deadly hit, yeah. Even with a blunt sword, that could be deadly. What if they stopped scoring any contact hit on armor that wouldn't do like in reality, that wouldn't do anything in real fight. But then they would have to resort to the more deadly targets and that's where it becomes more dangerous. >> Well, that's why I mean, I think first off, I think maybe they need to do a bit of a redesign on the armor, right? Cuz they obviously have big gaps in the face part of the helmet. Like they I think they Get it fully protective. >> Fully protective and then >> only score the incentivize actual I think that would be interesting. >> techniques and and deadly strikes cuz cuz I think you're right. Like I first off, I really like this. I'm not criticizing. I think it's I think it's incredible that we're watching two fully armored dudes smashing each other in a in a octagon, right? >> time. That's crazy. That's wild. I never would have believed that. But at the same time, I feel like it's going to turn a lot of people off if there's no if there's no spectacle to finish it. Yeah. Cuz like like you look at all the highlights for MMA, for boxing, you will see some of the coolest you've ever seen. >> Yeah. And I think that's what this needs. Yeah. And so, if they That was good. But was it though? It didn't really land. At least he tried. I liked the But then the fist landed, but the thing is though, armor doesn't do anything. I give you that. If If the guy got dropped from that hit, we would be more like, "Whoa." I mean, maybe, right? Because it was a spinning backfist with the pommel. Mhm. You know, against the helmet, maybe. But all right, so if imagine if they had like full mesh full protection and they only scored hits that would have gone through the visor, in the armpits and they're resorting to actual technical armored fighting. Yeah. If they had like uh fake blood pockets under the first layer, but over a protective layer that you target and when you hit, it just spurts out to get the spectacle. You need spectacle. Yeah. You need spectacle. That's That's really where what it comes down to and I I like I like I love I love yeah. >> Uh but I I don't see it catching mainstream appeal unless something is added to it. Yeah, especially if it's just points based and like knockout like I'm sure if you knock someone out through their armor, yeah, that's going to count as a knockout, but that's really really hard to do when you're wearing full armor. That's the point. >> And this is not to take away the difficulty in what they're doing here. The endurance needed for this is insane. Especially guys, what what do you think could be added to something like this? Like share Again, this is not like a criticism at all. This is great. I think it's more just like a I'm really curious to see what other people think and what what could be done, do you think, to really make this mainstream? You know, I've heard someone suggest like you need to mix it up more. You need like the thing that people really love Is mismatches? Yeah. Katana versus longsword, samurai versus knight, you know? The stuff that really is wacky, which I agree. That would get me to watch. I'd be like, "Hell yeah." Let us know what you guys think in the comments below and if you want to see that like this armor, how protective it really is, we we have done that, right? >> we're talking about like the the lowest end, not even the highest, the lowest end, how protective that stuff is. And we've even got a weapon that can bust through some of it. Both videos are there, please check them out and like the video if you want to see more of this content. Thanks, guys. [Music]