Wow. Lucasfilm and Disney had to make an actual statement because the backlash was so bad for the Super Bowl spot. Disney explains why the Mandalorian and Grou Super Bowl spot was like that. If you didn't see the Super Bowl spot, here's my reaction to it. That's it. Okay, not really much to [laughter] talk about. What the hell, dude? backlash to the brief Super Bowl spot wasn't so much about a broader distaste for where the Mandalorian has gone and what it has come to represent about Star Wars in the six-year journey. It's taken from streaming experiment to the pop culture face of the franchise. It's a long sentence. >> What? But more so an increasing confusion as to just what's going on with the marketing of the movie. Yeah, Lucasfilm has really gone down in marketing ever since The Last Jedi. After The Last Jedi, which was peak marketing, I would say arguably as good as Revenge of the Sith marketing, it's just gone. Considering its high pressure status as the first Star Wars film project to actually make it off the ground and hit theaters since 2019, there's been an expectation that The Mandalorian and Grou would go big on its marketing. Instead, Lucasfilm and Disney have stayed surprisingly low-key about the film, which has been their mistake for so many years. Ever since The Last Jedi, they have never had the same level of marketing whatsoever. big mistake. And when they do market it, it's like the Super Bowl ad just like what is this? Is this this is Star Wars? Now, >> I don't believe that. >> The first official look at the film came September 2025 and largely focused on vibes and nods to ephemeral Star Wars stuff and atk. Hence why the film Super Bowl spot. A fluffy homage to prior Budweiser Super Bowl commercials rather than anything directly from the film itself. Yeah, cuz why not? Yeah, Star Wars is uh let's make it a a homage to beer. Sounds on par because everyone Lucasfilm and the story group have been drunk for the last 10 plus years anyways. So, hey, that makes sense. >> Where are you going, master? For a drink. >> Felt like an odd choice to showcase the film. But according to Disney marketing execs, that was kind of the point. It was less about the film and more about poking people and going remember that you love the Mandalorian and Grou unrelated to the entity also known as the Mandalorian and remember the prequel trilogy trailers. How did it get to this? Grou is more than a character. He's a pop culture phenomenon. Riding alongside the heroic Mandalorian, he brings lightness, humor, joy, and an instant emotional connection that transcends the moment. Jackson George, Disney executive VP of creative marketing, explained to Variety, "This big game spot celebrates how deeply we love and connect with these characters." Yeah, that's why we compared it to a beer ad. >> Shut your reminds us of the fun heart and spectacle that defines Star Wars and offers a bite-sized promise of the experience audiences will get when they see these two beloved icons on the big screen. I think it would have made sense if they did some sort of an actual advertisement for a product, you know, like George did a ton of those back in the day. Um, like for uh Pepsi, I think it was like I think Yoda was at a diner and he was like using the force to pull a Pepsi can to himself or something like it was silly stuff, but it was like, okay, fine. But this was like there was no ad. It was just for beer drinkers who have seen those ads to be like, hey, remember this? Well, we're going to connect now Star Wars with it. Why? >> Why? >> Because it's Super Bowl and that's supposed to be synonymous with drinking. What does it have to do with Star Wars? Did every other advertisement that was spending what did this advertisement cost? It was like $300,000 a second or something like that. I think it was like $8 million or something. No, I think it was $300,000 a second. I think it was $8 million. $300 grand a second, chat. And that's what they wanted to give us. Not like, you know, something from the movie. maybe like a huge cliffhanger scene or something that's just uh gonna get our our interest peaked and we'd all be talking about it and buzzing about it. But they gave us that. And I think the problem is that they think Star Wars is bigger than it is. And it used to be absolutely 100% it used to be. And that's why you could get away with Yoda pulling a Pepsi can towards himself. But under the order of Disney, it has lost that appeal. It is now laughable when you have the acolyte and Boba Fett and Kenobi show and sequel trilogy. You cannot be thinking the way that these marketing executives think the way that George built it. Remember that you love the Mandalorian and Grou unrelated to the entity also known as the Mandalorian and Grou. No, that only works if it is larger than life. And right now Star Wars is not larger than life. It used to be. I wish it was. That'd be fantastic. We all wish it was. >> But it isn't. >> We have to face the noise. It's it the reality is that it's not. Why is it not? Well, it's cuz they on the brand. That's is that simple. And doing little spoofs and gags and stuff like this and taking it away from that seriousness from storytelling just further distances the fan from the brand itself, which they're doing a phenomenal job at. They should literally take George's approach, or rather, you know, Jerry Seinfeld's approach from Seinfeld from that episode where George literally did the opposite of every single thing that he thought he should do. And his life was turning out great. And that's exactly what they should do with their approach to Star Wars. Hey, we should do this. No, why don't we do the opposite? Okay, cool. So stupid. The big game spot celebrates how deeply we love and connect to these characters, reminds us of the fun, heart, and spect Star Wars, and offers a bite-sized promise. a bite-sized promise of what them riding tonons of it of it being fun. Like I mean we we have three seasons of well really two because the third one was ass. Then of course there's the affformentioned nod to Budweiser's classic Clydesdale ads of Super Bowl. See I I don't even know that. I didn't know that there was a Budweiser Clydesdale ad. So how why would I need to draw that? I don't know. It just to me it's like what are you doing? You guys don't know your target at all. an homage being the perfect opportunity to do something evocative of the movie without having to actually reveal anything about the movie itself. Yeah, because why would you, right? Why would you want to reveal anything to do with the movie to get people maybe intrigued and excited? You know, it's not like you completely changed the entire story from what you set it up as. And you had a home run in season 2. Then you completely switched it around with Book of Boba Fett by first of all making Boba Fett Ba Fett, making it about Fenick Shand and then sidelining that character in his own show to bring Mandalorian in and change up the entire story that you created and set up for the first two seasons of The Mandalorian, which was perfect. Yeah, why show anything really? Cuz it, you know, fans are still extremely interested. No, they're not. Our creative and marketing team landed on a unique concept that gave a nod to classic big game spots of years past. Well, here's what you should do. That creative and marketing team, they're overpaid and you should fire them all. It's that easy. Imagine that marketing team sitting I I should create like a little spoofer about this. The marketing team sitting around the table. We have a $8 million Mando and Grou Super Bowl ad for 10 seconds or whatever it is, 15 seconds, whatever. What should we do? Should we show maybe, you know, a cool scene from the film? Should we show some highlight clips fast? Maybe at the end we show there's a Jedi. I don't know. Whatever. Get people talking. Maybe it's someone in a cloak. Remember when Costa Reeves came in and we all thought it was a Jedi? Remember season 2? But no, they decided to go with this. I mean, I Well, hey, reap what you sew. Look at the fan reaction. It captured the warmth. Wait, wait. [laughter] Lucasfilm's own marketing brand lead, Ryan Stankovich, added, "It captured the warmth, humor, and emotional connection between these two beloved characters, and was the perfect next step for our campaign as we lead up to their big screen debut this summer." That was the perfect step. How about showing someone of the story, maybe something of the scenes, maybe a a clip? That was the next perfect step. $8 million. They are masters at just burning money. Really, they really are. Because yeah, people are now talking about it. Great. But are they excited? Would you not rather have us be as excited as we were with The Last Jedi where we were like making a million different theories where your own producers and writers and directors were making fun of fans for coming up with better theories for their writing than they did? Your Snoke theory sucks. You remember that? Yeah, that was a great idea. At least it was an idea. At least fans had theories. But with just three months to go before the film in theaters is not necessarily knowing the plot of the film in advance that has people weary about the Mandalorian Grou. After all, The Mando itself has been defined by this kind of mystery box marketing approach in the past, enshrining an air of secrecy about the series to build hype and cover up any potential major twists and cameos that have been there since the first season. Had to dance around the fact that it was really about a baby Yoda instead of a burgeoning bounty hunter. And they really like long run-on sentences in this uh website. The show has always heavily leaned on vibes over details, especially when its biggest vibe immediately became a marketable pop culture sensation that you only really have to point at to get people charmed. So, it's unsurprising that the film is no exception. Instead, however, it's raising the question if that's enough for a major motion picture release instead of a new season of a streaming TV show. See the comment somewhere far away in another universe altogether. Grou left at the end of season 1. Season 2 and three were about hardcore bounty hunting. Boba Fett showed back up, but as a worthwhile antagonist rival that shows up at the most inconvenient times, like Mr. X and Resident Evil, and the book of Boba Fett was never made. My immediate reaction is that if you need to explain it like this, it was a bad idea. [laughter] Star Wars fans dared to interact with a major sporting event. I think there are probably more than a few Star Wars fans who also enjoy some professional sports. Yeah, there's a lot of us out there. A lot of us like to go to the gym. A lot of us like to read books. A lot of us like to play video games. And a lot of us like sports. I get the parody, but to me, it felt more like a Christmas time spot. That said, I thought it was fun. I like the idea of different content instead of a barrage of movie scenes. It was just a really odd choice to spend the money that spot cost only to remind people two characters exist. Yeah, it's true. Grou is more than a character. He's a pop culture phenomenon. Riding alongside the heroic Mandalorian, he brings lightness, humor, joy, and an instant emotional connection that transcends the moment. Jackson George, Disney executive VP of creative marketing, explained to Variety, "This big game spots." Amazing. Everybody, [laughter] I mean, it's nice to pretend Disney is the problem here, but realistically, it is not. Oh, or is only part of the problem. That should be obvious from the fact that Andor is equally Disneyade and shares none of the flaws of the Mandalorian. This is a Dave Filona problem, not a Disney problem. No one at Disney had to twist Fony's arm or convince him are errou or involving Luke or the like. He came up with that on his own. Where are we going here with this? The the issue was the trailer, but also it's definitely a Disney problem considering this right here. According to Disney marketing execs, huh, Jackson George, Disney executive VP of creative marketing, explained to Variety, yes, it is very much a Disney problem. A Disney marketing problem. They don't know the product. They don't know the IP and they don't know how to market it because they don't know the fans. If you don't know what you're selling, how are you going to know who's going to buy it? You think you know, but you don't actually. The marketing team seems out of touch with the reality of how audiences feel about Star Wars stuff at the moment. Yeah, exactly. People like Star Wars, but the le the last season of the Mandalorian was bad and the rest of the content since has been rocky. They need to give people a reason to be excited again. Exactly. And not just here's Grou 100%. Sounds like the marketers need to get out of their own head. Overthinking it way too much. Panic of theater attendance since the rise of ever cheaper large screen TVs and quality sound bars. Fire this guy. No, seriously. If I hired a marketing firm to help market my product and they gave me that line of spiel, I'd fire them on the spot. Exactly. Grou is like, this is the most stupid thing. Grou is more than a character. He's a pop culture phenomenon. That's how they see this  guys. They just see it as literally a way to make money. And great for them. But that's not how George saw it. And that's not what makes Star Wars great. What makes it great is the ability to tell a story. God, it's it's that simple, man. And through telling a good story, you get people invested. And if people are invested, they will spend their money. Win-win. You can't expect all that money without building something that something pe people are invested in. Riding alongside the heroic Mandalorian, he brings lightness, humor, joy, and an instant emotional connection that transcends the moment. Yeah, that guy is just out of touch, dude. What What marketing is he? What? Like, I don't even know anymore. I I don't know how any of this stuff even happens. Yeah, the rest of these comments are really just uh for the most part, you know, giving their opinion and hitting the nail on the head that all of this is just this is just an L move and it just really goes back. The reason we highlight it is to go back to the years that they have destroyed the brand with their stupid decisions where they think they know the IP better than the fans that made it worth 4 billion in the first place, more than the actual creator, George Lucas himself. And it's frustrating to see and I will not let up until they eventually get it back on track. And once they do, you won't see any of these articles. Fans won't be like, "Well, what's with the uh Super Bowl ad?" Because the ad will be perfect. It'll be amazing. It'll be like the prequel trilogy was for Star Wars. They need to get their heads out of their bums and realize that this is an IP that they have to take care of. And it's not something that they can just kind of whimsically throw money at and expect it to be received well. It's not like every other IP. It's not like every other product. That's why fan films that are built on budgets by literal fans [music] are outperforming the billiondoll projects at Disney. >> [music and singing] >> Now fulfill your destiny.