[Music] Things aren't looking too good for the MCU as it currently stands. And if you've been paying attention to this channel or any of the channels that are part of Friday Night Tits for any significant amount of time, you would already know this because we've been talking about this since the end of Endgame. Um, and Kevin Feige reportedly told Marvel colleagues that watching every new MCU project had started to feel more like homework than entertainment. Employees talk regularly about Marvel fatigue and worry they've created a no new fans club where new viewers have no clue what's going on 100%. And I could speak directly to that because I've had zero desire to watch any of the Disney Plus series from Marvel. I've tried to watch them and I've given up immediately because they're so incredibly boring. And of course, Marvel decided to virtue signal and move into their identity politics phase after Endgame. And that has failed miserably. And now, of course, they're going back to all of their, you know, toxic white males to save the day because all of their identity politics has failed miserably. Even though they saved lives with Eternals, it didn't make any money at the box office. And now you got Thunderbolts, which is a film that's being very wellreceived. I liked Thunderbolts, but guess what? It doesn't matter. The Marvel brand has been uh affected significantly. It's no longer the Grand Slam that it used to be. Thunderbolts is set for a middling debut while Sinners continues its incredible box office streak. Thunderbolts is the newest theatrical outing for the longrunning Marvel Cinematic Universe. Um blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Uh, per the Hollywood Reporter, as of Saturday morning, Thunderbolts is projected to have a three-day opening weekend that lands between 73 and 77 million at the domestic box office. Its global opening weekend is an estimated is estimated to earn between 160 and 175 million. While this sees a drawing uh it sees it drawing close to matching its $180 million budget, it falls below the debut of this year's previous MCU movie, Captain America: Black New World, uh which was a 88.8 million uh domestic opening and 192 global. Uh meanwhile, Sinners has continued to show outstanding audience hold. Wow, amazing. you make a good movie that people are interested in. And yet I don't hear the media talking about how um all of these uh fans are going up to see a black directed and a black starring movie. I don't hear I don't hear the media writing stories about how the fans are just so accepting of a movie when it's actually good with talented people involved in it and it's not virtue signaling. Now I haven't seen Sinners, but I've heard from a lot of people that have enjoyed it and I like Ryan Cougler's work and I think Michael B. Jordan is a really good actor. Um, so people are enjoying that movie. Wow. I guess racism doesn't actually exist in the world of Hollywood unless you can build a narrative around it, right? Isn't that how it always works? What this means for Thunderbolts, even if Thunderbolts release debuts uh at lower end on its projections, it will become the 11th highest grossing movie of the year so far worldwide over the course of just three days. However, the fact that it has fallen behind the debut of Captain America: Black New World is probably a not a good sign. Movies generally need to earn back two and a half times their budget in theaters uh in order to break even. And because both movies reportedly cost $180 million, that is with Captain America. Uh this would most likely place both movies break even points around $450 million. Uh, Captain America failed to hit that milestone, only grossing 414 million at the worldwide box office. Um, so that wasn't good. Um, Thunderbolt still has a chance to grow. Ultimately, both Thunderbolts and Centers have a clear path forward at least one more weekend. The former could regain some ground and the latter could continue its streak of narrow drops quite easily. Um, so yes, in terms of the word of mouth, and again, I know Rotten Tomatoes is  I'm just using this as a uh a place to as a to start the conversation. Um we've referenced it when it's bad, so we'll reference it when it's good. That's the only way to do it. Uh the all audience score is at 94%. Verified audience, which is fake audience, is at 95. So verifi or all audience is the only score that matters. Critics have it at 88%. So you have great numbers and great word of mouth generally speaking. I'm not saying everyone does it that likes it because they clearly don't. look at my comments section. Um, and so all I can do is be honest. I like the damn movie. If you're looking for somebody to repeat your opinions, this probably isn't the place. I'm sure there's plenty of other YouTube channels that'll just repeat your opinions, but I'm here to be honest with my audience, and I like Thunderbolts. Um, and that's just the reality of the situation. Now, this is very reminiscent of Guardians of the Galaxy 3, another Marvel film that I greatly enjoyed. Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 3 opening weekend box office falls short of initial projections. Why did this happen? Well, I think it's because the brand of Marvel has been significantly damaged. And so, Guardians of the Galaxy did recover, but ultimately didn't make as much as it probably should have because it stumbled out of the gate because so many people have walked away from Marvel and they don't trust Marvel. It used to be when there was a Marvel Cinematic Universe logo on a film, people would go see it without question. And then Endgame happened and everybody went to see Endgame. It broke all the records and then Marvel moved into their woke phase. And let's just say it's been a complete and total disaster. Um, the Marvels failed miserably. Eternals failed, Shanqi failed. Like everything that they have touched essentially has been a failure because of identity politics. So, now we get to the Thunderbolts and you have really good word of mouth. Um, but no one's really going to see it because the Marvel Cinematic Universe has been affected significantly. So, you guys let me know your thoughts in the comments below. What do you think this means for the MCU moving forward? Um, as far as I go, like I said, I enjoy Thunderbolts. Would I recommend anyone going to see it? Not not necessarily. Um, if you want to go see it, go see it. It's really not my choice to tell you how to spend your time and your money. Um, all I can tell you is that I enjoyed it for what it was. And um, I I was I had very low expectations when I went into the movie. Extremely low. And it surpassed my extremely low expectations. And um, I thought the character uh, work was very good. And I thought it was interesting the journey that they went on. And uh but Marvel has done such significant damage that I don't know if this this movie has what it takes to recover like Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 3 did. So have a great day. Thank you very much for checking out this video and we will talk to you later. [Music]