Back in October 2025, I talked about a leak that Discord was involved with where hackers claimed to have gotten a hold of two million plus images and 1.5 terabytes of data, including personal information of Discord users, like their names, usernames, email addresses, contact information, billing information, stuff like that. Discord tried to defend themselves, saying that, well, they didn't actually get hacked directly. It was a thirdparty vendor that they work with. But this just caused people to wonder, why is Discord giving all this personal information to a third party? It didn't do anything to actually help their image. While this was the most recent major data leak that Discord was involved with, it's not the only one, as this has happened multiple times over the years, apparently. Well, now Discord has this bright idea that's in the news today. Discord is launching what they say is teen by default settings globally. This means that Discord accounts globally are going to be limited on mature content unless they verify their age. Sounds familiar, doesn't it, Offcom? They specifically say age assurance is the foundation of this new experience and is designed to respect Discord users privacy and choice. That's ironic. Discord users, they say, can choose to use facial age estimation or submit a form of identification to its vendor partners. Oh, yeah. Because they've never had a problem with personal information getting leaked by their vendor partners before. Yeah, it's a it's a great great idea. Each verification will require things like video selfies or maybe even personal identifying documents. try to reassure people by saying that the video selfies will never leave your device and the identifying documents that you submit to their vendors, oh, they'll get deleted really quickly. But here's the thing, there's no good reason to trust these companies. You know, it's pretty creepy stuff. Once again, this is collecting and harvesting biometric data under the guise of protecting children like we've seen so many corrupt organizations, corrupt businesses, and corrupt governments do over the years. Understandably, Discord's getting a ton of backlash for this. People are talking about going back to Ventrillo and TeamSpeak, which is actually pretty wholesome to see. It's good that people aren't just capitulating. But let me know what you think about the latest.