[Music] Marvel uses Robert Downey Jr. to sell Iron Hart ahead of Disney Plus release explains why Riri is more remarkable than Tony Stark. Holy This is how important diversity is. It's so important that you can't even sell on the diverse character. You have to use the white male character in order to market your diversity garbage. And everyone knows that Iron Heart is going to be a disaster. Like, no one cares about this series at all. And the fact that they're pulling this card right here just shows you how desperate they are. Marvel is invoking the name of Robert Downey Jr. in attempt to justify its upcoming Iron Hart series. Marvel's Iron Hart is gearing up to close out phase 5 of the MCU on Disney Plus, and the studio appears to be going into full damage control mode ahead of the premiere. Despite fans still scratching their heads over her inclusion into Black Panther Wakanda Forever, Marvel is now rolling out a legacy name drop or legacy name drops, strategic comparisons, and emotional appeals in the thinly veiled attempt to build hype and legitimately for a show that few asked for. A spiritual successor with no actual link. In a new feature with Empire, Dominique Thorne, who plays Riri Williams/Ironhart, recounted her brief encounter with Robert Downey Jr., describing the interaction as exciting uh ex an exciting exchange where the actor gave her a few words of encouragement and literally two thumbs up. The story is now being framed by Marvel as some kind of symbolic torch passing moment with articles declaring Riri and Tony Stark to be spiritually linked in the MCU. There's just one problem. There is no link, ladies and gentlemen. Tony Stark died in Avengers Endgame before Riri was ever uh introduced. They never met. They have never shared screen time. No storyline overlap. no establishment relation uh no established relationship with the films. Calling them spiritually connected is pure marketing spin a way for Marvel to claim legacy without earning it. It's also a way to reassure fans that Iron Man approves of his replacement even though that replacement is arriving with little of the narrative weight that made Stark iconic. Yes, there is. You're not earning any of it, which is the definition of DEI. Didn't earn it. This lines up perfectly. Dumpster diving over a billionaire's brilliance. Then there is the quote that ra that's raising some eyebrows. Thorne compared her character's background with Tony Stark's. She's dumpster diving whereas Tony Stark was a bajillionaire. What she's able to accomplish is remarkable. Oh my god. At first glance, it's meant to emphasize Riri's resourceful resourcefulness. But dig a little deeper and it reads like an unnecessary and frankly dismissive contrast. Stark's origin didn't begin in a Manhattan skyscraper. He built his first suit while kidnapped in a cave and with shrapnel near his heart using scrap metal and pure genius to survive. His wealth wasn't a shortcut. It was part of a larger arc about responsibility, sacrifice, and redemption. By framing Tony as a spoiled billionaire, in contrast to the gritty and remarkable Riri, Marvel seems to be engaging in the same messaging we've seen before. Propping up new heroes by downplaying the old ones instead of letting Iron Hart stand on her own. The narrative is that she's more authentic because she comes from less. It's a tired playbook and one that's turning off longtime fans. The real problem, Iron Hart, was never organic. Riri Williams original appearance in Wakanda Forever was widely viewed as forced by many critics and fans, noting that her inclusion felt like a Disney Plus backdoor pilot, more than a natural fit for the story. Now, her standalone series uh is being marketed uh marketed and borrowed nostalgia, legacy handme-downs, and vague platitudes. But again, that's what DEI is. That's what this character is. They don't believe that a person of color, their terms, not mine. They don't believe a person of color can actually be sustainable on their own merits. They have to use the toxic white male's merits in order to put the person of color over. That's the whole point behind this because they don't believe in minorities. They don't actually think minorities are uh deserving of their own story. They need the white man's handme-downs. That's how Hollywood looks at this. That's why virtue signaling is such a cancer. And I mean, this whole thing is just not going to go over well at all. Um I I think this is going to just be one of the most irrelevant Disney Plus series to date. And that says a lot because there's been a lot of these right now. But you have Iron Man. Now, there's this I guess there's this mentality in some people's eyes that Iron Man is this huge huge superhero, and that's just not the case. Um, Iron Man was, in my opinion, was always a B character until Robert Downey Jr. took over the role uh in the MCU and made Iron Man into a S tier or an A tier character uh in the MCU. But it's Robert Downey Jr. that elevated it to that place. And it's not to say that there isn't someone else that could carry that torch forward, but it is to say that it can't be a black chick. Um, so we're just going to have to see how this all plays out. But it's going to be laughable. They're probably going to sweep it under the rug after it completely flops and goes away. And no one's really going to talk about this series at all. But they're going to do their best to try to use Robert Downey Jr.'s name. Uh, and they're going to try to pretend that she has a relationship with Iron Man in order to justify her existence, which there is no justification for. You guys, let me know your thoughts in the comments below. Thank you very much for checking out this video, and we will talk to you later. [Music]