Hello everyone. Got a new video for you here. Sort of. I recorded this for the podcast, but after listening to the whole thing, I thought you guys might dig it also. So, I'm just going to put it here for you to listen to. And without any further ado, enjoy and cue the intro. We are determined that the vicious German cycle of war only peace shall once and for all time come to an end. This is London court. Here is a news flash. The German radio has just announced that Hitler is dead. Early this morning, the Soviet troop launched a general attack. Those who foolishly saw power [music] by riding the back of the tiger ended up inside. Tonight, I'm not worried about anything. I'm not fearing any man. None eyes have seen the say that we are wired in stalemate. [music] Seems the only realistic if unsatisfactory conclusion. Over a million people here celebrating a day that they never thought would come. A day in which Germany became one country again. launched the opening salvo of Operation Iraqi Freedom. If the iron dice must roll, may [music] God help us. What is up, my lovelies? It's Dan Aeros here bringing you another episode of the Iron Dice. Admittedly, a bit of a gap filler as I'm working on the next Fight for the Republic. Uh, we're getting close to the end of that series, so I need to take some extra time to tie up the loose ends. Anyway, one thing that often comes up in the context of that show is listeners drawing the parallel between interwar Germany and the contemporary United States. Also, if you follow a lot of US political analysis, it's inescapable. And yeah, plenty of people called George W. Bush a Nazi and compared him to Hitler, whatever. But that was very much on the fringe of political commentary and historians didn't validate that. Now it's much different. But I don't want to redo the whole is Trump a fascist pedantic back and forth here. I think that has been regurgitated enough. But I want to talk about the US and Vimma Germany more broadly. What is kind of fascinating about that comparison is that there is a little bit in it for everyone. It seems resistance liberals who spend 18 hours a day on Twitter get to LAR as the White Rose or whatever uh without experiencing any sort of real danger or stakes to their political stance. People to the left of them get to showcase their moral superiority. whenever some centrist Democrat is friendly with Lindsey Graeme or whoever pointing out that this is just like in Vimar liberals aligning with fascists again equally annoying if you ask me and even the far right gets in on the action sometimes. Two months ago, Tucker Carlson did a segment about a fight breaking out at a Pride event between attendees and some idiot protesters. And he began that segment by saying just another weekend in VHimar. What Tucker means with that exactly, who knows? Could be because political fights are kind of associated with that period or given it's Tucker Carlson stepping in the footsteps of the German farright in decrying public degeneracy. Whatever. I think it's fair to say that the idea of a democracy in decline, as was the Vhimmer Republic, greatly resonates in the United States right now, as everyone is looking for a way out of the current crisis. Unfortunately, a lot of these comparisons revolve around Trump being the American Hitler, which misses the forest for the trees in my opinion. When the Nazis took over and turned the country into a fascist dictatorship, German democracy had been functionally dead for years. Elections were held, but the results of those elections did not have the potential to make the way for significant changes. After April 1930, the German Parliament was in a state of permanent gridlock, paralyzed by the fact that no majority could form. And with no majority, the Parliament can't enact laws. And when people see that, see that their country is suckling the drain with no means of democratically moving the levels of power, it erodess respect for these institutions and democratic norms more broadly. That might sound a bit familiar to you. And this is just really one aspect of Vimma Germany's institutions failing to provide democratic stability. The most topical example, if we're sticking with the comparison of FMA Germany to the United States, is the courts. In the wake of Roie Wade, belief in the Supreme Court as an impartial nonpartisan institution has bottomed out, hitting its lowest point on record. As even the last person who didn't get the memo in 2000 after Bush vGore realizes what the Supreme Court actually is. We talked a little bit about this in the fight for the republic series, but the existence of openly right-wing courts was something that constantly dragged down German democracy in the 20s and arguably dealt it its lethal blow. So, let's talk about that first. Contrary to the current situation in the United States, the German judiciary didn't have to be captured by the right-wing in a decadesl long project. It pretty much was right-wing from the get-go. Quick look at the timeline here. Germany unifies in 1871 as a monarchy and judges and state officials more broadly undergo a so-called patriotic education connecting their function as a judge not to the law or higher ideals. But the Kaiser and the monarchy more broadly. Fast forward to 1918. Germany isn't doing so well in the world war anymore unfortunately. And when the word gets round about this, sailors in the northern port cities tell their superiors to get lost. They put up the red flag over the German Navy. And from there, the revolution spreads from city to city, toppling the monarchy like a row of dominoes. The Kaiser flees into exile and a new government is put in place. Now tasked with creating a democratic republic. So far so good. Now put yourself in those guys shoes. You are facing this gigantic task of creating a democracy from whole cloth, transitioning the economy back from its war state, and negotiating an exit from the war, all while not being overthrown by a right-wing counterrevolution. The thing about the German Revolution in 1918 was it all happened very, very fast. From the sailors refusing to take orders to the republic being declared in Berlin, it's not even 2 weeks. So there was no time for a broader social change affecting every layer of society. Now if you are the German government, the new German government, what do you do with these right-wing judges and state officials that keep things running? Basically, you only have two options. First option, make a clean sweep and kick them all out. Try to put in your own people and create a democratic institution that way. Problem with that is who are you going to put in their place? There is no one who can immediately fill those roles who has not undergone the same education as these guys without all the bureaucrats. It also means the state apparatus pretty much grinds to a halt creating instability. That instability will be associated with the republic and the minds of the public and make this new system seem chaotic compared to the old one. You also drive all these judges and state officials further into the arms of the right wing that is working on overthrowing you from minute one. So just kicking everyone out kind of seemed like slitting your own throat to the government at the time. The second option you have is letting these people keep their positions, make them swear allegiance to the republic and the new constitution. change the education system and hope that they will kind of grow into the new system. The issue here is of course that you now have a huge part of the state that is hostile to democracy and actively undermines the government when given the chance. The right-wing judges in particular are now in a position where they can legally sanction actions against the state through their rulings. That is the route the German government took at the time. And in doing that, instead of slitting their own throat, they just kind of slowly strangled themselves with that decision. A lot of these judges completely rejected the idea that any law that was not ordained by the monarch, but coming out of the democratic consensus in Parliament to be quote party, class, and bastard law, a law of lies. This quote is from the chairman of the German Judges Confederation. And that really should be no surprise because until the revolution, it was the judge's explicit job description to persecute and punish those now holding a majority in parliament. I want to give you an idea of what this meant in practice. There was a statistician in the early 20s who went through a number of court cases and cataloged them according to political affiliation and sentence given. According [clears throat] to this statistician, 22 political murders done by left-wing perpetrators between 1919 and 1922 led to 38 convictions, including 10 executions and prison sentences averaging 15 years a piece. In the same time frame, 354 murders committed by the right-wing led to 24 convictions, zero executions, and average prison sentences of 4 months. Basically, if you went in front of a judge and were able to convince him that you acted out of a selfless, patriotic duty, you were good to go. The effect that this has is not only giving a green light to the right-wing to just murder their political opponents, but also completely destroys the idea of an impartial legal system to the leftwing. How are you going to sell someone on the left on this new system in the face of those numbers? This bias among the judiciary went all the way up to the German Supreme Court or Raich as its name was. And the best example I could find about this comes from Richard Evans the coming of the third Reich where he talks about a case against four men in 1923. These men had been sentenced to 3 months in prison by a lower court for shouting the sentences we don't need a Jew republic. Boo the Jew republic because attacking the foundations of the state in that way was against the law and I'm pretty sure still is in Germany. Eventually this case landed in front of the R court which overturned the sentence with the following explanation. They talking about the four men could mean the new legal and social order in Germany in whose establishment the participation of German and foreign Jews was outstanding. They could also mean the excessive power and the excessive influence that a number of Jews that is small in relation to the total population exercises in reality in the view of large sections of the people. It has not even been explicitly established that the accused shouted abuse at the constitutionally anchored form of the state of the only that they shouted abuse at the present form of state of the possibility of a legal error is thereby not excluded. So these judges basically said that the current German democratic state was a temporary aberration from the Rio and also said Vhimma kind of is a Jew republic and these were the men tasked with interpreting and defending Vhimma Germany's constitution. Richard Evans concludes his chapter on this with the following. The right-wing and anti-Republican bias of the judiciary was shared by state prosecutors as well. In considering what charges to bring against right-wing offenders and dealing with pleas and examining witnesses, even in framing their opening and closing speeches, prosecutors routinely treated nationalist beliefs and intentions as mitigating factors. In these various ways, judges and prosecutors, police, prison governors and wardens, legal administrators and law enforcement agents of all kinds undermine the legitimacy of the republic through their bias in favor of its enemies. Even if they did not deliberately set out to sabotage the new democracy, even if they accepted it for the time being as an unavoidable necessity, the effect of their conduct was to spread the assumption that in some way it did not represent the true essence of the German Reich. Few of them seem to have been convinced Democrats or committed to trying to make the republic work. Where the law and its administrators were against it, what chance did it have? What Germany's courts did in the 1920s with verdicts like this or what the US Supreme Court has just done with Roie Wade has nothing to do with an impartial judicial review but is an exercise of raw political power. Both countries were or are faced with a form of judicial desperatism by a Supreme Court immune from democratic accountability. Now, luckily the United States is in a much better position than Vimma Germany was to tackle this problem. Despite all the talk about polarization and civil war, trying to pack the courts or facing them head-on if necessary bears much less of a risk than it did in Germany. Nobody is going to go out there and face the bayonets over Clarence Thomas, I reckon. But it's also not like there is much of a choice for Democrats as the one party still committed to maintaining democratic institutions at least. Because if the Supreme Court is allowed to have the last word on issues like voting and civil rights for the next two decades, I have no doubt the United States will end up in a similar position as Germany did in April 1930. this limbo state of not being a dictatorship but also not being a democracy either. And partially this is already the case. If you look at a state like Wisconsin that has a higher population than Denmark or Norway, by the way, that state is not a democracy. There was a great piece on this in the Milwaukee Independent that analyzed the results of the 2018 midterm election where a blue wave swept the country. If you remember, here's what it says. Wisconsin has eight congressional seats, all of which were up for the election for the midterms. Going into election day, Democrats controlled three of them, and Republicans had the remaining five. No seat flipped. In total, Wisconsin Democratic congressional candidates received 1.3 million votes. Wisconsin Republican congressional candidates received 1.1 million. And yet, Democrats got three out of eight seats. In mathematical terms, that is 52.7% of the vote. Yet, the party took only 37.5% of the seats. When it comes to the state assembly, quote, "Every seat was up for grabs on November 6th, and voting disparity becomes even more glaring when reviewing the results. Democratic Assembly candidates took around 1.3 million votes to Republican Assembly candidates with 1.1 million votes. And still Democrats walked away with only 36 seats while Republicans took a staggering 63. That means Democrats won 54% of the vote while only earning 36% of the seats. Now the election in itself might be democratic in the sense that voters are not intimidated by goon squads or whatever but through gerrymandering the results turn out undemocratic and the US Supreme Court is very much in favor of Republicans doing this. The New York Times reported earlier this month that in another four states, Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, and Ohio, maps that judges have previously ruled illegal since they were drawn on racial or partisan lines will be used anyway because Republicans know that the Supreme Court is on their side most of the time. when it comes to changing election procedures close to that election. As the article says, the headline case of this was in Alabama where a federal judge panel said the state had diluted black voters power in its election map and ordered them to draw up a new map. The Supreme Court then blocked that order, reinstating the old racist map because it was supposedly too close to the election taking place 4 months later. And I know this is not flashy or exciting and kind of hard to penetrate compared to the dramatics of fascism, but this is how it's going to work in the US. An end to America's democratic institutions will never look like the man in the high castle. That era is over. German interwar democracy went belly up in the time of mass politics. These social conditions today, especially in the US, are completely different. Now, is US democracy in a worse spot than Germany at any moment between 1918 and 1933? Unquestionably, no. It is not even close. The vast majority of Americans in principle want the US to be a democracy, even if they might be dissatisfied with its current state. Democracy for white people at least has a long tradition in the US and I don't see the attitude towards the principle of being a representative democracy changing anytime soon. The German public's introduction to democracy was basically, hey, let's try this new thing. By the way, we just signed a peace deal and you can expect a generation of lower living standards. Also, the French are occupying the wh and we're powerless to do anything about it. Also, the money you're getting isn't what the paper it's printed on anymore. Isn't this going great? The idea that people like Michael Moore or others sell off Germany is that it was this well-running flourishing democracy until Hitler came along and bewitched everyone. When in reality, Vimmer had a ton of problems from the constitution to the economy and public hostility against the idea of a republic. German democracy was faced with an almost impossible task, much harder to solve than the current crisis in the US. You see this even with things like January 6th. Let's say that would have been a full success for Republicans and they declare Trump the American Caesar. What then? you still have more than half the country that is against you, including the most powerful states like California, that would never ever go along with something like that. But I don't want to get too deep into alt history here. The point is, the smarter Republicans understand that something like January 6th will not secure minority rule for them. The heavy lifting has to be done by the states. And with the Supreme Court the way it is, they have a good shot of achieving that goal, there is a case that the US Supreme Court has agreed to hear in its upcoming session starting in October. It's from North Carolina and called more v Harper. The reason why this case is keeping legal scholars up at night right now is because the Supreme Court will decide if state courts have oversight power over election policy set by state legislature. Right now, even if gerrymandering is a huge problem, the state courts have the ability to rule these maps or other practices surrounding voting illegal. If the Supreme Court decides that this is not the case and for justices have signaled support for this, it basically gives the state legislature can't blanch to do whatever they want in regards to elections. Some scholars even suggest this includes the power to reject presidential electors determined by voters and appoint slates. It's not hard to imagine a state like Florida or Kentucky or whatever red state doing this, claiming voter fraud or whatever. I am not a legal scholar, but from what I can gather, a decision like this really would half out the remnants of American democracy, deeply flawed as it is and what comes after, I have no idea. In the context of that case, I want to tell you about a different case called Prussia Contra from 1932. And my point here is not that these two cases are at all analogous, but their rulings have the potential to put the US in a similar situation as Germany was at the time. As I said, since 1930, German democracy didn't really exist anymore, but the country was ruled through what's called presidential cabinets. And we don't have to get into how all of this actually worked. Important to know is that the gridlock in parliament left the country to be governed by a cadre around the president. Basically, part of this cadre serving as chancellor was a guy called France Fon who was not a Nazi but was committed to establishing the Neyarat, the new state as he called it. He wanted to create a sort of authoritarian presidential regime with the long-term goal of bringing back the monarchy. One thing in the way of this was the federal nature of the Vimma system and above all the state of Prussia, a state which covered more than half the territory of Germany, had a population bigger than France and was a social democratic stronghold. It's a long and fascinating story, but important for us is the following. On July 20th, President and decrepit, disgusting sleeves bag Paul Hintenborg at the request of Fonpartner issues an emergency decree deposing the democratically elected state government of Prussia and puts Fon the army in charge. Before this happened, the Social Democrats had said that if Prussia is faced with violence by the federal government, they would respond in kind. Shockingly, they did not do that. Arguably, they had no chance anyway, but they also didn't want to spark a civil war. Instead, you might have guessed it, they went the legal route of taking the federal government to court, declaring their coup unconstitutional. That is what Prussia Contra was about. And in this case, the court decided that this kind of sort of was unconstitutional technically, but by the time the decision came down, the goose was cooked. And the court knew this, too. I really can't stress enough how important this moment was when talking about the downfall of the Vhimmer Republic, arguably more so than the fire in the risk that people love to talk about. Here is how again Richard Evans sums it up. Palm's coup dealt a mortal blow to the VHimar Republic. It destroyed the federal principle and opened the way to the wholesale centralization of the state. Whatever happened now, it was unlikely to be a full restoration of parliamentary democracy. After July 20th, 1932, the only realistic alternatives were a Nazi dictatorship or a conservative authoritarian regime backed by the army. The absence of any serious resistance on part of the social democrats, the principal remaining defenders of democracy was decisive. It convinced both conservatives and national socialists that the destruction of democratic institutions could be achieved without any serious opposition. The social democrats had received plenty of advanced warning of the coup, yet they had done nothing. The Nazis were jubilant. You only have to bear your teeth at the rats and they knuckle under, wrote the Nazi propaganda chief Ysef Gerbles in his diary for July 20th. The social democrats and trade unions, he observed with satisfaction, aren't lifting a finger. The Reds, he noted not long after, have missed their big chance. It's never going to come again. I had to think of this paragraph when seeing the spineless reaction to the overturning of Roie Wade. And now Democrats are reacting more forceful, but only did so under pressure. The mortal blow to the Vimmer Republic and it wasn't even done by a Nazi, but a conservative along with people cynically looking out for their own interest. This is where the money is at, folks. Not the Hitlers or Trumps, but the Fon Palms and Mitch McConnell's people who have no problem pushing an entire country to the brink of complete dysfunction over their own cynical power plays. All the noise about whether Trump is Hitler or the GOP is fascist or whatever, exciting as it may be, is mostly a distraction in my opinion. It's not the beer hall push that ended German democracy just like it was in January 6 for the US. It's a slowm moving process, one you can absolutely see play out in current US politics. And whether the death blow will be ha vore or something else, I don't know. But I'm fairly certain that this process will keep going with Trump or without him. But that's the thing, you know, we're always looking to history to find examples of our current experiences, all while sometimes forgetting that the current moment is in itself historic. It has its own conditions and nuances. Now, liberals and the left more broadly failed to meet the crucial moment in July 1932. Will it be the same in the US? Who can say? But the fight over the judiciary is certainly at the forefront of it. Biden has been decent in filling vacant seats in the judiciary. But with the direction the Supreme Court is heading in, it needs a much stronger confrontation with the court and the idea of judicial review in general. There is nothing in the Constitution that says the Supreme Court has the final say on anything. My man Ryan Cooper has written a great piece about this in the American Prospect that I will link in the description for you. On the bright side, this is not without precedent. Abraham Lincoln called the Supreme Court the Citadel of slavery and was vocal about how the will of the people should have the final say about the big issues of the day, not the Supreme Court. Same during FDR's presidency that saw the end of the Lochnner era during which the court struck down minimum wage and child labor laws because they interfered with the free market. It is far from impossible to solve this crisis. And let's not forget conservatives having to fight for decades to utilize the Supreme Court in this way is a sign of weakness, not a sign of strength. They rely on institutions like the Supreme Court or discriminatory electoral maps because their stated goals are so unpopular. We'll see if that makes a difference. All right, I'd say we end it here for today. Thank you for listening all the way through. And yeah, if you've thought, "Hey, I really like this stuff about connecting contemporary politics with history," head over to patreon.com/daneros to unlock the bonus feed. Lots of stuff exclusively for patrons there. We did a show on January 6th where I somehow end up talking about the coup against the Serbian king in 1903. Not sure how that happened. One about France and how its recent history affects its political landscape. Next month I want to do one on Italy as they are on their way to get a legit postfascist prime minister down there. That's going to be fun. Check it out if you like. Other than that, take care, stay safe, and have a good one. [music] Hey hey hey. [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. N. [music]