Right, ladies and gentlemen, kids of all ages, The Witcher returned with season 4. Gary Nerd Rodic himself said for Friday Night Tights, our podcast that we do on his channel every week, our homework was to to watch at least two episodes. That is all that I could actually muster. In actual fact I watched about 35 40 minutes of the first episode and I ended up texting Gary and I was I just said, "Dude, I I I can't do I cannot do this. I'm 40 odd minutes in. I'm done. I've had enough. This is utter." Friday Night Tights is a good show. Love Friday Night Tights. I was expecting Gary to to come up with some resistance saying, "Come on, dude. I need you. I need you to watch two. So, we've got discussion points for Friday Night Tights." I was expecting Gary to come back with that. Gary text me back going "It's all good." And he was so nice about it. He was just like, "Don't worry about it." And he he was actually so genuinely nice about it. This wasn't reverse psychology by Gary or anything but he was just so nice about it. I said, "Ah, okay." I didn't tell him but I was like, after I came off texting him, I was like, "Okay, I'm going to I'm going to finish the two episodes." But those two episodes, I I I'm not even joking. They were so painful to watch. absolutely horrific. I kind of feel bad for for Liam Hemsworth at the same time. I don't because he's an adult and he can choose his roles, but if you compare Hemsworth to Henry Cavl that it it's non-comparable. The guy has got zero presence on the screen. Zilch compared to Henry. And uh every time a Yennefer uh scene started, it was just like and everything with Yennefer was pretty much wman power, wman power, wingman power. But nothing, no matter how presenceless Leon Hemsworth was, no matter how feministic Yennefer scenes were, nothing could touch how utterly miserable the show was when it cut to a scene with Siri and the rats. I I never read the books. I I was a lover of The Witcher through the video games and and I'm a very much of the belief that the video games popularized The Witcher and not books. So, so my my understanding of these characters really comes from the from the video games. And in The Witcher 3 video game, I loved Siri. Siri was a great character. She was a fun character as well and she had some really good stuff. She had some really good stuff with the Bloody Baron. She had some really good stuff with her and Geralt, the Wild Hunt, of course. And and I really I really cared what happened to Siri in The Witcher 3. I could not give a flying about Siri in this TV show. There is nothing absolutely nothing for me to gravitate towards, for me to care about, for me to like about her. And when you put that together with the rats, you get some of the worst scenes in TV I think I've seen in a long and I've just seen Peacemaker season 2 which was utter dog [ __ ] But these are like an hour long an episode. These aren't even even like 30 minutes like Peacemaker. So it's just like oh thank god I don't have to suffer for long. And so it's they they do this scene. Now, I am aware that this scene is in the books, but in the books when when Siri's together with the rats, they they're they're not good. You know, they're nasty people. And she gets manipulated and taken advantage of physically as well as other ways. And the way that they they do that in a book, it uh it leads to, you know, some some pretty uncomfortable stuff. Now, because this is a a Netflix production, of course, uh every character, you know, every character is now race changed, etc. Well, there's no sense of world anymore because you can't have a show like The Witcher where you want to play with themes of, let's say, discrimination when you live in a multicultural [ __ ] society. So, we're meant to believe that women are repressed when every woman's going around like girl power. We're meant to believe that this is a discriminatory world where it's full of [ __ ] Asians and black people and brown people and it's just like it it doesn't work. Oh, yeah. And and the gays openly gay and it's like no it is so stupid. There is no sense of world whatsoever. I have no understanding of this world at all. Everywhere you go multicultural multicultural multicultural, women are elevated. However, this is a very discriminatory world. Your themes fall apart and it falls apart with with the scene in the books with Siri where Siri is attempted essay and then missile comes along and essays theory in the books. But this time in the show, what they do is the guy makes the attempt on Siri. missile comes along, tells him he's a [ __ ] you know, [ __ ] Blah blah blah. Kicks him to the curb. This guy's evil. This guy's bad. This guy made a pass. This guy tried to manipulate Siri. Oh, you need friends. You need people to look after you. This is a dangerous world. You owe me for saving you. I'm going to And then she kicks him out. And what does she do to Siri? Siri you're vulnerable in this world. you need people, you know, safety and number. She does exactly the same thing. But she, because she's a black female is portrayed as loving and caring and then they get it on. And then they get it on. And that is a huge problem with DEI race changing because you are so caught up with needing your representation on the screen that you have to sacrifice the fact that it doesn't even make any [ __ ] sense. So you had the same you had two different people, one was a white guy, one was a black woman do exactly the same thing to Siri, but you expected and you portrayed the outcomes as different. It doesn't work because you didn't want your black female lesbian to be a villain when she was just as much a villain as the [ __ ] white guy that made a passer. And by pass I mean tried to essay her. That is the stupidity of this type of of DEI. But no, DEI says that uh black black lesbian women can't be bad. So even though she does exactly the same thing as the white guy, he's the bad guy, she's the good guy. It's a contradiction and it doesn't make sense. So when your show doesn't make sense because you're prioritizing DIIE, diversity and inclusion over storytelling and characterization, your show falls apart. Sorry, how can the the two people do exactly the same thing but one be perceived in a completely different manner? Anyway so uh Siri got together with her her uh black lesbian girlfriend and then the very next day, true to form, they argue with each other. I'm surprised they didn't go riding off on a U-Haul and not horses. [Music] Heat.