All throughout the world, from the UK to Australia to Canada to here in the US, we've been seeing various corporations and governments trying to roll out new measures to spy on people to collect their biometric data and even enact censorship all under the gist their lie of wanting to protect kids. Like I said, we all know that's a lot of hot air. And now we have the California government escalating things even further as we have a new California law saying that all operating systems including Linux need to have some form of age verification at account setup. This all coming from Assembly Bill number 1043 chapter 675. Put simply once again they want this age verification at account setup via the OS where the OS would then send a secure real-time digital quote unquote signal to app developers when requested. Developers then treat that signal as the main age indicator to comply with further child privacy laws like COPA and California's age appropriate design code. And yes, this is already signed into law, effective fully next year in 2027, having passed with full bipartisan support. Not a single politician voted against the bill. Now, there's been a number of journalists covering this topic, saying things like, "Hey, at least California isn't asking for your driver's license or your face scan or anything like that." My response is, first of all, this is already overstepping at a baseline by default. But I could take it even further because you notice how these corporations and governments, they never ask for less information. It's always more. What I'm clearly getting at is in a few years, California could also turn around and escalate this even more, saying something like, "Hey, our checks weren't robust enough. Now, yeah, we do require your ID or your face scan or your bank statement, whatever it may be." And there's more that I could be saying about all of this. However, trying to keep the video as brief and to the point as possible, and I do think that's all the most important stuff. So, I'll wrap this one up. Let me know what you think. Thank you for tuning in and I'll see you in the next