So, manga publisher 7C's Entertainment has been sold to Media Due International, and they flat out said they're going to use AI to [music] localize their books. Now, people are freaking out because 7 C's is, look, we've covered them before. Uh, they are a very quote unquote woke manga publisher. They have been caught on multiple occasions, multiple occasions, uh, changing translations. Their western localizers have been changing things. Um, they've been altering things. They actually had to republish, if I remember correctly, about four or five years ago, they had to republish either a manga or a light novel that they had altered to the point where the outrage was too much and they had to republish it. So, it's strangely fitting that the company had to sell itself to Media Doo, probably because the sales were declining because word got out that they were censoring things. And uh speaking of censoring, I just got to point this out. This come from Bounding in the Comics uh from 2022. This article is no longer live on their website. They've actually taken down all their spicy articles. Uh anything that had a contrary opinion, they've taken it down because I guess they're under new ownership now. And the word is they're looking at possibly shutting this thing down. But uh look, the Japanese, I don't think they're really paying attention to what was going on over here for the longest time. And we did get a lot of activists in the uh localization scene. And they took the opportunity in games and in anime and in manga to to make changes to suit their political goals. And uh you know once the creators you know figured out what was going on they're like you know what we can just do it with AI. And it wasn't very good a couple of years ago but it's shockingly good now and it's better than a lot of the fan translations. I know they try to make a case for like well you need to to humanize it a little bit whatever. It's it's getting to a point where I think the original Japanese intention will be more onetoone with what the translator localizer is going to do, you know, because they're going to like working designs this [ __ ] or whatever. They [laughter] also add, hey, I liked working designs, but they're going to working designs it for kids it and then they're going to make sure that they also uh inject it with a lot of current year ideology. And 7C's also publishes um I think some western web comics and stuff uh that are definitely full of uh full of uh I I would say they're for the modern audience, right? But all the places you would be expecting to freak out, Blue Sky, etc., they're all freaking out. So, let's uh let's talk about this. Before we get into it any further, please subscribe for more pop culture news, views, and rants, guys. Uh Geeky Sparkles, Ginger Rage pins. Yeah, you got three days on Kickstarter. you can uh back her pins. We are completely sold out of the Halloween pins and the uh me and Geeky two pack. Those were actually like the first pins we did like 5 years ago. That's why they have as good as the other pins, but um we got better at it. We got better at making pins. But uh yeah, those are gone. Um we still have some Christmas pins left, I think. And we have lots of uh clownish logo pens if you want to add those. So check that out. We're also keeping the Crimson Ren uh reoffer open, the adventure edition with some new new perks that you couldn't get last time. That is going to stay open uh couple more weeks yet. Couple more weeks until we have to send everything off to the printers. So, thank you very much for that. So, let's um talk about the announcement first. Uh yeah, Media Due Media Due International to acquire Seven Cases Entertainment. Media International, part of the Media Due Group, uh has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Seven Seas Entertainment, the largest independently owned manga publisher in the English language market and one of North America's leading publishers of manga, light novels, web tunes, and don Danme. Founded in 2004, 7C's has played a central role in growth and I think they bought it for they bought for 80 million. Um, so the owner said, "For more than 20 years, our focus has been simple, publishing exceptional stories and treating them with care, respect, and passion. Passion of fans who never forget what drew us to these stories in the first place." Yeah, except through all the stuff we're changing because it's offensive to our localizers. Uh, this partnership strengthens our long-term position while preserving the creative, independence, and publishing mission that defines seven C's. Um, so they said that they're going to go all in on AI translations. Um, so news site uh, Niki published an article that reported the digital publishing distributed media do as required publisher for $80 million US. So good on them for selling. I guess I think they probably sold because their sales were down. That's I I if I had to guess their sales are down because people don't trust them to release things as is. That would be my my guess, but who the hell knows? Uh so outlet Dan May news has published that the report that's blocked by a payw wall. Okay. So the report translated states plans to increase the number of titles including electronic versions to around 2,000. Now put a pin in that. Uh right now Japan um they're kind of freaking out because they were making all kinds of money off of digital manga sales and I guess digital manga sales are way down now. People are getting tired of it. I guess I don't know. I mean personally I like the Shonen Jump app. It's like a couple dollars a month and you get access to a bunch of stuff. But when it comes to reading comics and manga in general with me, I like to have a nice trade paperback or hard cover in my hands. That's how I prefer to read comics. So, I mean, digital, you know, go so far. Did I mention Did I mention we publish nice uh trade paperback hardcover books? [laughter] There you go. So, check it out on Kickstarter. But, um yeah, I think that's that's uh definitely part of the issue. It said, "By increasing the number of titles handled by seven C's, sales to bookstores will be strengthened." Okay. Profitability will be increased by developing and selling goods featuring manga illustrations. I love how they just This either is a mistransation or that's actually how they view comics, developing and selling goods featuring manga illustrations. That's [laughter] okay. 7C's will also be able to act as the liaison and handle negotiations wi with uh local film companies when they approach them about adapting manga into anime. I don't think I would trust 7c's with film negotiations because they're going to want to change everything. I'm just saying the company, likely referring to Media Due, uh, Winter Venom, will use its own artificial intelligence to assist translators and translating manga into English, shortening the translation time from the current five to six months to about two months. Oh, they're cooked, man. They're cooked. No, I will translate for you what they're saying. We don't trust 7C's translators. we're going to replace them all with AI or we're going to hire translators who are just going to translate the books, do the job they were hired to do, and not inject their own personal politics and their own personal fe feelings into these these books. Um, so this person here, uh, scratch that out. V says, "The Japanese side is way more overt. This is an AI takeover and it is intended to put out translators and editors. They also misleadingly claim that the translation process takes 6 months. That's the entire process. This will save them $700 to $1,000 a volume. Uh, [ __ ] hell. They have 12 kingdoms. Never going to buy a single volume from this company again. This is reset. [ __ ] that. [ __ ] This is big news in such a [ __ ] shitty way. GD. I just want to read support authors and tra and translators. Why is this so [ __ ] Okay, I'm gonna I want to read and support authors and translators. [laughter] These two are not on the same level. I'm sorry. It's not the same thing. Right. And and in fact, a lot of manga authors, the creators have been complaining about how their stuff has been handled overseas. I'm just these companies are going to hoard all the good titles and it's not like other companies can just pop up and grab them right back. Foreign literature is going to get effed hard in this up and cominging decade. Well, make your own. Make your own. Uh, the only way to enjoy anything without shitty AI translation is to learn the language. Well, I don't know if they're writing the manga with AI now, too. Does it really matter? [laughter] Back to fanations, I guess. Good luck with that. They're cracking down big time. Uh, I bet the majority of current fan relations are AI, too. You might be right. Why? Okay, I don't look I I get wanting to avoid shitty AI. I get it. But these people are such like puritans about that. Like, look, you realize the forums you're using, they probably in the software and the code somewhere or the host or whatever. Somewhere along the line, there's AI involved in that [ __ ] too. Like, it's you're not going to be able to avoid it. And really, people are making a distinction between AI and uh anything made by a computer, which is so [ __ ] weird because it to me it's just the next level of things made with a computer. And already most manga is made with a computer, right? They they use programs to do it. They're already tracing backgrounds and stuff to speed up the process. They're they're having major meltdowns now because I guess there was a manga um I can't remember the title off the top of my head, but it won like all kinds of awards. People are like, "Man, this is like the best thing ever." And then they found out it was made with AI. It wasn't completely made. I mean, that's the thing, too. People think it's like beep boop bop. You just like punch some gibberish into a computer and it spits out a complete comic. And that's not how it works, right? Any more than just like, "Okay, I've got Clip Studio. Okay, Clip Studio, draw me a comic book. [laughter] No, just do it. Hey, Photoshop, paint me a magic card. It No, it doesn't work that way. It doesn't work that way. Wow. When the sales go down the toilet, they'll wonder why. Actually, if they put out the right stuff with minimal Western interference, the sales might skyrocket. [snorts] Um, glad I got out of translation before Gen AI. I feel really bad. The Japanese English translators I know though. Yeah, they're they're not they're not taking it well. Um, is this Laura Grace? Is she one? Uh, manga tuber. I don't think she is one, but oh, she's a writer at she's a writer. Okay. So, everyone who's deeply concerned about this, please reach out to 7C's media due through their contact form. Let them know how you feel about this. They don't care. They just spent $80 million, which really isn't a whole lot of money in the grand scheme of things, but they spent $80 million on seven C's. They already got business plan. the they're going to find out real quick. Japanese businessmen, they don't care. [ __ ] your feelings. They don't care. Like, everybody's like, "Oh, look at Nintendo. Look how kind and cutesy and whatever Nintendo is." I'm like, "Nintendo is cutthroat, man. Sam Rio's cutthroat, [laughter] man. Like, they're like they got this cutesy facade, but these [ __ ] will rough you up, man. Pikachu, man. He'll he'll he'll mug you. He'll take your wallet. He's just like they they're not going to put up with this [ __ ] They're they're going to be like, "No." Actually, I can tell you I think part of the reason that they're coming out and saying this is to uh let people know that that uh Westerners are going to one, we're going to produce more content with manga illustrations. So, whatever that means. And uh it's going to be done uh correctly because we're not going to get those pesky uh loudmouth activist, you know, uh agitator uh translators in the mix. We're going to hire one or two people who are going to use AI to do things our way. And um this is going to happen across the entire industry. This is going to happen everywhere. It's going to happen with uh AAA gaming. It's already happening. I'm telling you, a lot of these layoffs, a lot of these layoffs is so they can rehire people who will play bowl in another year or two. They're going to rightsize and they're going to be like, "Okay, we fired 90% of you. We're going to hire 20% of you back and you [ __ ] are going to use AI because that's how we want things done and you're not going to inject your activism into the games. Right. Right. Okay. Then you can work here. That's that's what's going to happen across the board. Uh Erica Friedman says, "I hope this this doesn't mean 7C's becomes part of the AI slop wave." Nope. It's they Yep. Seven C's. Damn it. Media do announce they acquired it. Um, they haven't issued a statement yet. Um, let's see here. No. Do we think it'll be bad? Honestly, never heard of Media Do. I'm surprised you haven't. They're one of the main ebook distributors who announced they're developing an AI translation tool for their ebooks, which is odd because 7C's today said they're against using AI translation. So, I wonder how that will go for them. Well, it's not going to go very well because they flat out said they're going to use AI translation. Yeah, that's it. Um they mentioned an internal tool called MDT MDTS versus uh uh TDS which is rampant at probably at most of these places. Uh in their 2025 annual report uses AI for translation but mentions it in a broad context. Like I'm still trying to grasp how to approach this like how much do we will this do to seven? Do you think they'll still focus? Uhhuh. Here's the problem. Do you think they'll still focus on LGBTQ focused stories or make a major shift? I don't know. I would assume not because those have been bestsellers. They're going to go where the money is. I mean, if people want, you know, all the gay furry [ __ ] you can buy, as long as they're buying it, they'll publish it. You want gay furry [ __ ] Sure, you can have gay furry [ __ ] Yeah, it might be AI translated gay furry [ __ ] but you you have whatever you want. What? Uh oh. Uh oh, everybody. Um I think this is kind of funny. Um okay, seven C's officially released press statement. Um, let's see. Where are we going here? Oh, and then for some reason, oh, I love blue sky. So, I want to look I want to look into seven C's and how people were reacting to that. And then um we get into uh Iran stuff. Oh, there we go. Here we go. Hello. If you're like me feeling real sour about 7C's getting bought by an AI translation company, then here's the company's contact information. Yeah, good luck with that. So apparently 7C's had a panel at Citrus Con earlier today where the reps talked about how proud they were to be independently owned and then literally an hour after the panel ended the media to go purchase news went live. Did they not know? I don't even think they knew the people at the company because here's the thing. When companies get sold all the time, media do purchase file that under oopsie. Yeah, [snorts] here we go. Okay, so looked like some employees didn't know about the purchase beforehand. Wow. Why would they tell them? You know why they didn't tell them? Because they complain. That's why they didn't tell them. If they told them, they would start screeching about on Blue Sky. They know what kind of employees they have. Uh, update [ __ ] Alert says, "It's being reported that some Seven Seas employees were not told of this acquisition ahead of time and are finding out about same time as the public." Yeah, Citrus Con story is something I know is being brought up over on Twitter and is worth Wow, that's crazy. Okay, so let's see here. I hope 7C's avoids in shitification. Bad news. I recently saw someone post this with these specific images. 7C's will likely go full AI garbage in the future and they're on their way to being a dead publisher. Well, as long as people buy it, they're not um I don't think it's a hostile thing. Sign mismanagement. Maybe they got a hint of what they could do when they signed that agreement last month. Um all right, so there we go, guys. This is going to be very interesting. But yeah, this particular publisher and uh look, they do put out some good stuff, but I know the handful of times that we have covered them over the last four or five years, it's all been they censored this, they censored that, they got called out for this, they got called out for that, and uh I think that's going to that's going to end. Now, will the AI translations will people pay for that? I'm People are reading AI translations now, and they're paying for it, and they don't even know. People are reading, I'm going to say it, people are reading Marvel and DC comics that have been AI assisted or mostly written by AI, I believe, and they're still buying them. [laughter] I'm just I'm just saying you don't know the extent of it. Now, I can tell you that Crimson Ren had no AI used because this was actually uh published like four or five years ago. So, there you go, guys. But no, it's seriously it's like you're not going to be able to tell anymore. And this is the thing that gets me about about all this. Like I understand if you don't want to buy AI stuff, but it's going to get to a place where everybody is going to be using it to some degree just like they're [music] using a spell checker and you're not going to be able to detangle yourself from it completely short of, you know, only buying things from 15 [music] years ago. I, you know, I don't know what to tell you here. It's just it's I just think it's highly ironic that this company is getting sold to a company. It's just like, "Yeah, we're going to do direct Japanese translations with AI." There we go. So, let's uh wrap this up, guys. Please subscribe. We'll talk later.