Dr. McCoy is right in pointing out the enormous danger potential in any contact with life and intelligence as fantastically advanced as this. But I must point out that the possibilities, the potential for knowledge and advancement is equally great. Risk. Risk is our business. That's what the starship is all about. That's why we're aboard her. Oh, why are you all still asleep? Wakey wakey and ripino and I don't care. We are the women time forgot. >> I want to swallow my butt and die of humiliation. I just can't with your midday energy before you go put my underwear on my butt. >> He's dead. Captainic.com. >> Greetings you over 1 million survivors of trauma having witnessed this current era of Hollywood and the 40% who haven't subscribed yet. It is well known to most of the world outside of the people I'm about to discuss here that the most dangerous people in the world are morons who think they're intelligent. And that just so happens to be a perfect description of Alex Curtsman and his oncrack team of repurposers who continue to outdo themselves with their very consistent incompetence. Because I just witnessed an episode that was of course awful nonsensical pointless and excruciatingly dull while trying to come off as something deep and profound all within a series that is of course awful, nonsensical pointless excruciatingly dull and really dumb while trying to come off as something deep and profound. Now, if this was just any other show from Hollywood, you would just say, "Well, it's a day that ends in Y." But this is Star Trek, which at one time wasn't just a TV series, wasn't just a film franchise, it was an American institution. On that note, I don't want to be a prisoner of the moment, but I've given this a lot of thought. And this is not only the worst Star Trek ever made. It is not only the worst science fiction television ever made. It is not only the worst genre television ever made. It is the worst television ever made. And if you haven't seen it and you think I'm being a bit hyperbolic, well, >> you have not seen what I have seen. >> Curtsman Trek is Star Trek for Dummies made by dummies, and it is what our good friend Will the Critical Drinker calls anti-entertainment. This time around, a character from a previous Curtsman show, which has the unfortunate acronym of STD returns. In a show with the unfortunate acronym of SA, and yes, that's what I feel has been done to my mind. >> It's great. In this latest episode, the kids are put through something that Paramount should give anyone who has watched this show. Trauma counseling. And how are they going to deal with this trauma? No, not the viewers, the kids within the show. Well, they're going to theater their way through it. And it turns out our good friend Little Platoon had the best description of Curtsman Trek. It's Star Trek for theater kids. Previously on Star Trek Starfleet Academy. I'm series acclamation mill, but in the interest of not being mobed relentlessly by my fellow cadets, I'm going with Sam. >> Please repeat, I can't understand. >> I was programmed to feel 17, but I've only existed a little over 4 months on task. >> I still can't understand you. >> Sometimes I feel invisible, but mostly awkward. >> FIGHT JUST LIKE CISCO. >> You're good. You're good. You're good. >> I'm just connected to Caleb. I think they're going to die over there. They don't know what to do. They don't know what to do. >> Okay, you're okay. You're okay. >> Acting. >> I can MAKE MYSELF PER LITTLE [ __ ] >> Oh no. What? What happened? What? Oh no. How terrible. That's just That's just awful. How terrible. Oh no. I got some good news. We don't have to jump in and start talking about the episode just yet because we have some breaking news. During the recording of this segment, just in case you're watching in the future, Netflix has revealed that they are backing out of the Warner Brothers deal, clearing the way for Paramount to own WB. What does this mean for James Gun, DC, DC Comics, Game of Thrones, Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter, Looney Tunes, or Star Trek? Who knows? The only thing I do know is this is great news for theaters. And at least we won't get a black gay Batman. We'll probably just get a gay Batman. >> This movie is for the comic book girlies and gays. So, y'all better start reading. Okay. >> What the hell is even that? >> That's enough of that. Let's get into it. Remember last episode? Of course you didn't because most of you didn't watch it. Well, in the last episode, the first 3 minutes everybody was sad, but then they went on spring break and then everybody came back and they looked pretty happy at the end. Well, now everybody's back to being sad. And this is all due to the unfortunate events on the USS Kawasaki where two male characters died and I challenge anyone to remember their names. It opens up with a monologue from the doctor describing how everyone feels reviewing this show. >> I was here the whole time and nothing has changed. >> Brett Cooper is back and fully recovered from her coma that was caused by her feminist empowerment scream that killed all the cannibal furries. The betazoids gave her a brand new neural inhibitor which will allow her to use her abilities without self harm. Yet, she is still very sad. They have also transferred her from the War College into Starfleet because somehow that would be less stressful and because they offer therapy. And this is due to the fact that her neural network can't take another episode. But once you see this therapy, I'm not sure this was the best idea. It appears that Darham Fish Boy has reverted back into being a bully despite the fact that they spent the entire previous episode showing him go through his personal journey, if that's what you want to call it, and denying the pre-arranged marriage where he would be the co-ruler of the planet Kahjones and deciding that Starfleet was where he wanted to be, mostly because that's where Jaden is. And this brings us to another hallmark of Curtsman Trek. There's no consistency with the characters or the story throughout the episodes. It's almost like they're written in complete isolation. And I have a theory on this that we'll get to later. So, in a scene where the kids are on the bridge in a simulation where they get destroyed, making me wish it wasn't a simulation. And after Tignaro speaks a line that unintentionally describes this show, >> congratulations. That was a spectacular failure of teamwork. >> Apparently, the kids have been going through the trauma counseling that Admiral Vance had suggested a couple of episodes ago for 2 months, and it isn't enough. So, they need a specialist. And it comes in the form of another STD character flaring up. Fan favorite Tilly. And when I say fan favorite, I mean one fan likes her. Played by Pompempic Mary Weissman. This is what she looked like in the show. This is what she looks like now. Watch out for those side effects. And continuing on that hallmark of Curtsman Trek with character inconsistency, Tilly doesn't even act like she did an STD. >> Oh, you're all still asleep. Wakey wakey. A rapidino and bakey. I'm Lieutenant Sylvia Tilly. >> In this, I wouldn't say she's any more or less obnoxious than she is an STD. Just a different kind of obnoxious. >> I'm on rotation in the beta quadrant with the third years. However, we're the chancellor. This class has been mandated for you. So, you get me early. >> And how exactly are they going to deal with this deep-seated trauma they have been feeling since the events of the USS Suzuki 2 months ago, except for the previous episode where they weren't feeling it at all? Well, you heard me right at the beginning of the video. It will be therapy through >> theater. Oh, >> because only theater kids and Hollywood would think you could deal and heal from deep-seated personal trauma by acting like somebody else. Oh, my friends, it gets so much worse if you didn't think that Alex Kurtzman and his on crack team of writers was using Star Trek as a political platform. uh Black Lives Matter, the NAACP. The goal is not really to promote Star Trek, but to promote these organizations and to use our platform to be able to bring greater awareness to these very, very important messages and places. >> No offense, but it sounds like some [ __ ] commie gobbledygook. >> Well, I think we could put any questions about Star Trek being used as California state propaganda to bed. >> What if I told you that theater is one of the most powerful tools for social and political change? Theater is statecraftraft. Statecraft is theater. >> And yes, the people at Curtsman Trek really think that much of themselves. But the good news here is nobody's actually watching it outside of content creators and the writers aren't smart enough to make it effective propaganda. But they are very effective at a putting you to sleep and b making parts of your body cringe that you didn't know was possible. >> And for those of you still bristling with confusion and or resentment, I don't care. Tomorrow we theater. pain. >> I did try to warn you, but also the awkward body positivity neurode divergent character from STD of course picks the awkward body positivity neurode divergent character from SA as her favorite. >> Please change my life. Lieutenant >> favorite. >> So the assignment is they all have to pick a play to help them deal with their trauma. This particular filler episode in a season full of filler episodes focuses on Brett Cooper and everyone's favorite, the body positivity neurode divergent hologram Sam. They have a brief conversation and I understood half of it. >> I'm not even up yet. I just came with midday energy before I can put my underwear on my butt. It's >> going to be real. I watched that clip about eight times before turning on the closed caps because I have no clue what she said up to my butt. She did say, and I quote, "I'm not even up yet, and I just can't with your midday energy before I even pull my underwear out of my butt." A quote that I'm sure will go down in the anals of Star Trek history. Now, I can hear you asking the question, why would a hologram need to pull underwear out of her butt? And why would a hologram need a bed? Both good question, but the nature of this conversation that I had to eventually read in closed captions was, "They're both sad." After the credits roll featuring 21 producers proving this is not only a show for theater kids, it's a show for wine aunts in Hollywood. All the women sit around and drink. >> What are we having? >> Something with a proof. >> And then we get this piece of exquisite dialogue which is just essentially an STD reference flaring up again. >> We are the women time forgot. Optimism is me paddling my freaking canoe. But mostly the women of the now incompetent matriarchy of Starfleet discuss how the kids are going to talk about their feelings. >> It's not the load that breaks you, but how you carry it. >> What? >> And they dial the saccharine up to 11 in this one. The next day, Jay Den decides to recite some Klingon opera where we get confirmation that Klingons not only have two dicks, they have four balls. And of course, this being Jay Den, he talks about them being consumed. They've been served the heart and the quad testicles of their fathers before them. >> Now he's doing this while he has a cold. So after giving a little bow, Jay Den is sent to his room because he has coid. I am battled with >> And Jayen is gone for the rest of the episode. And normally I will be grateful for this, but considering what's to come, it makes me miss his brand of cringe because the rest of this 1h hour and 4minute episode is solely focused on feelings in space. And the play they pick is Our Town by Thornton Wilder. Apparently the greatest American play ever written that I honestly have never heard of. And if anybody tries to shame me for that, they need to understand. I really don't care. Now, this is a concept that Star Trek of the past could have made compelling considering it was in the hands of real artists, but this one was executed with the precision of somebody wielding a chainsaw while simultaneously being electrocuted. Because I looked it up, the play Our Town is about cherishing the simple everyday moments of life while we can, as humans often fail to appreciate them until death reveals their profound value. Speaking of that, it's those simple moments of human connectivity in a story that work as a foundation to hold the whole thing together. And it's the one thing the writers of Curtsman Trek are completely incapable of. The discussion of the play is thankfully interrupted by Sam glitching out due to the phaser damage she received on the USS Nakatomi. Now, how did a hologram that was shown to be permeable receive phaser damage? They still haven't fully explained that. And now Sam is dying. And before I get anybody's hopes up, she survives. She has to go back to her home world of Cask with the Doctor and Holly Hunter. And the next 42 minutes of this 1 hour and 4-minute episode are focusing on the doctor's feelings about living so long and losing so much. the body positivity neurode divergent hologram Sam not being able to process her feelings and Brett Cooper essentially being unable to process her feelings because they've given her rogue storyline from the X-Men where she's feeling isolated because she's worried that she'll hurt people with her mental powers where her classmates seem to be treating her like a monster when she ended up saving everybody with her feminist empowerment scream and the only people she killed were a bunch of cannibalistic furries. So, there's a scene with the class where Brett Cooper won't talk about her feelings. There's a scene in a shuttle where Sam, the neurode divergent body positivity hologram, talks about her feelings to the doctor who won't talk about his feelings. And we get this wonderful piece of acting that's just so Sam. You know, you know, you know what I want? I want to follow my butt and die of humiliation. And then I want my best friend to make me feel better. I want I want to take my life six times before ordering and not even eat. >> Are you stupid or something? Followed by a scene of Brett Cooper getting drunk because she can't talk about her feelings. Then she wants to ride the brown pony with Caleb who says no. And I know what you guys are thinking. Most dudes wouldn't say no in this situation. And you would be right. But I would argue this is the one case where a character in Curtsman was being smart considering the USS Vagina is the most likely place to get a false me too accusation. And after he says no, Bret Cooper tells him to go find Genesis and then she cries. After that, Brett Cooper goes back to her quarters and talks about her feelings with Genesis where we get this profound piece of dialogue. >> No, I'm just this. I guess you are just on your way to the next you. Maybe we all are. >> I am so deeply moved knowing that we are all going to become the next Brett Cooper. But if you are always on your way to the next you and I am always on my way to the next me, who's the next I? These are the things I ponder. Yeah, well, IF YOU WERE ME, THEN I'D BE YOU, AND I'D USE YOUR BODY TO GET TO THE TOP. >> Back on the shuttle craft on its way to cast the hologram home world, Holly Hunter is talking to the doctor, who's still trying to process his feelings while he's taking Sam, the neurode divergent body positivity hologram, back to her home world so she can process her feelings. While discussing why Sam picked the play, I got to look it up again. Oh, our town. And the reason why, considering she is probably about to die and hasn't lived very long, is it's important to enjoy the little moments of life, but they have to say it in the most pretentious way. A moment, as it happens, is just a moment. But when it becomes a memory, blistering with context, emotion, that's when color suddenly erupts on stage. A way of saying it, it's the mundane things that >> may never think. >> Well, I think I can do one better. In Thornton Wilders's magisterial opus our town, the existential profoundity resides in the poignant admonition to apprehend the ephemeral sanctity of quotadinian existence amidst the exonerable march of temporality. So the neurode divergent body positivity hologram named Sam is from a planet called cask which exists in a unique configuration of spaceime due to its extreme gravitational gradient. So time passes fat there every 3 days on earth equals 5 years when cast. >> And yes that's how she acts throughout this series. Anyway, for every year that passes on Earth, roughly 608 pass on cask. That's why it's odd when the doctor says this. >> How would your world perceive an ancient hologram who has spent his entire existence on Starfleet ships? >> Well, they probably see you as an amoeba considering that the doctor is 800 years old, which means roughly 486,000 years have passed on cask in his lifetime. So, in truth, it really isn't that odd that he said that, considering the writers didn't do the math on this one. The last third of this episode is excruciatingly boring, so we're going to bang our way through it. Back on the USS Vagina, the kids are still working on the play to help them process their feelings again. Everyone's still sad about the events of the USS Miyazaki. I'm not really sure why, considering half of them weren't even on the ship, including Brett Cooper's brother. And I couldn't even tell you what the guy's name is now through eight episodes. And the only people that died that they may or may not have interacted with were white straight male and Johnny Spoxville who most of them hated. And the people that would have been the most affected, the kids from the war college and Romulan Girl weren't even in this episode. And Brett Cooper is sad and angry because they transferred her from the war college to Starfleet because supposedly they had therapy against her will and because everyone's treating her like a monster for saving their worthless lives. and not a word of acknowledgement about the entire crew that died on the super secret ship from the super secret base that had the super secret sonic weapon that they were going to use in space. Anyway, after Brett Cooper walks away in a huff, the kids get together later and decide to theater their way through their feelings that half of them shouldn't even be feeling. Meanwhile, back on cast, Holly Hunter, the Doctor, and Sam talk to Orson. Is anybody going to remember Mor talking to Orson? I'm probably dating myself. And here we have another example of this show not being consistent with their characters. In the previous Sam Centric episode, Orson sounded like this. >> We are contacting you for a report. If you disobey us, you will have failed. >> And in this episode, Orson sounds like this. >> We have heard many stories about you. >> And apparently the makers of Cask cannot fix Sam and they just shut her down. >> Series affirmation. Tell me. >> Now before you get your hopes up, just a couple of minutes later, they go, "Just kidding. We weren't going to shut her down. We just don't know how to fix her. >> We are not refusing to fix Siri's acclamation milk. We simply cannot. >> The doctor figures out Sam is broken because she doesn't know how to process all the feelings she's feeling. And the best way to fix it is to give her a white dad. And that's right. They reccon the doctor in the show as her father because on Cask they can live 17 years in a little over a week. And in the end they cured Sam by giving her a white dad. and the kids theatered their way through their extreme trauma and pain all while traumatizing the viewers of this show and leaving them to work out their pain on their own. And for the second episode in the row, we get some sackcharine music over a slow motion montage of the kids smiling and embracing. And we finally get a meaningful hug between Brett Cooper and Sam, two characters who have barely interacted with each other. And so ends the worst episode of Starfleet Academy, which just so happens to be the worst series within Curtsman Trek, which is the worst Star Trek within Star Trek. And seeing that there's two episodes to go, I will say for now, Lost in the Stars tried to be something deep, weighty, serious, philosophical. And when in truth, we got an episode that was hamfisted, annoying, nonsensical, hollow, melodramatic, and just plain dumb. And it shouldn't surprise anyone that this episode was written by two women with no science fiction experience whatsoever. Jane Mags and Gaia Viola. And no, writing for past Alex Curtsman projects is not experience. I think it actually creates inexperience. But the big news is Paramount will be taking over Warner Brothers. And they have a lot of new toys now, including DC Comics. And I should probably dedicate an entire live stream and video on that one alone. and David Ellison and his consortium of investors will also have the distribution rights of things like Game of Thrones, The Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter, and all the DC movies. James Gun's having a bad day. Now, my preference was nobody bought Warner Brothers, but the best of two bad options is Paramount for sure. It's better for theaters and for selfish reasons, it's better for physical media. The one place it's not better for is Hollywood. Essentially, it's a less grievous wound because as with all mergers, there's still going to be redundancies and massive layoffs. There's a lot more to say about this and I'll do it in a separate video. But what does this mean for Star Trek? I won't argue that it looks like the writing is on the wall and it's finally the end of Curtsman Trek. But the biggest question is when is that end? I guess I'll answer that question with another question. What would be an easier way to win back old fans and bring in new ones? continuing Curtsman Trek for the next two years with Strange New World season four and five and Starfleet Academy season 2 and keeping Curtsman Trek as canon as Paramount goes into the two proposed movies which will either be a reboot, a reccon, or god forbid a continuation praying you can get past the brand damage and somehow get old fans back and somehow get new ones or an intellectual property that hasn't just lost one generation, it's lost two. Or you take the hit, buy out Curtsman can Strange New World season four and five and Starfleet Academy season 2. Put all of Curtsman Trek into the Kelvin timeline and start fresh with either a new TV show, which would be preferable, or your two proposed Star Trek movies, and you do something crazy like have a crew on a ship going on a mission sometime in the late 24th century past the TNG, DS9, and Voyager storylines, all while rediscovering this thing called masculinity. The latter would be the easiest way to get back fans. And it would certainly bruise a lot of egos and cost you some money. But I would argue all of that would be insignificant compared to the overall value of the Star Trek brand, which I'm going to be real has been damaged beyond all recognition. Time will tell, but it still remains astounding that Paramount spent over $100 million producing Starfleet Academy, and it is without a doubt the worst television show produced in the streaming era. Yet, as bad as this show is, the one thing that should concern all of humanity is that the writers of this show are allowed to drive, vote, eat with anything sharper than a spork, and walk around free among us without supervision because they are a danger to themselves and others. >> Nerdotic.com. If you like what you heard, please like, share, and subscribe. If you didn't like what you heard, I thank you for listening this long. I will see you in the next video.