You know, normally I'd greet the prospect of the BAFTAS, basically a low rent British version of the Golden Globes with a bunch of celebrities that nobody in America has ever heard of, with about as much enthusiasm as a 3-day corporate seminar about correct spreadsheet usage. But then something strange happened. Michael B. Jordan and Delroy Lindle were up on stage presenting an award when someone in the audience shouted a very naughty word. A word that I absolutely can't and won't play here on YouTube for obvious reasons, but well, you get the picture. I mean, credit to Lindo and Jordan on this one. They probably had no [ __ ] idea what was going on, but they were both absolute pros and carried on with the show like nothing had happened. But who would do such a thing and why? Well, the man in question was John Davidson, a disability rights campaigner who was in the audience because the movie I swear based on his life story was up for a bunch of awards. Just as a side note, by the way, seriously, go watch that movie. It's absolutely spectacular. Anyway, John suffers from Tourette's syndrome, which is, and I quote, characterized by sudden, involuntary, and repetitive movements and sounds known as ticks. Between 10 and 30% of people with the condition have ticks that produce socially unacceptable words such as swearing, known as coprolia, according to the Tourette's action charity. So, in layman's terms, it can make you uncontrollably blurt out all kinds of words and phrases that you really wouldn't want to say, often at the most inappropriate of moments. There's no cure and no real way to manage it. So, as you can probably imagine, it's a pretty devastating condition to have to live with. In fact, funnily enough, there's literally an entire movie showing how the condition practically destroyed his life. Host Alan Cumin was quick to explain the situation afterwards in an improvised speech that did a lot to settle things down. >> You may have heard some strong and offensive language tonight. Tourette's syndrome is a disability and the ticks you've heard tonight are involuntary, which means the person who has Tourette's syndrome has no control over their language. We apologize if you are offended. and that might well have been the end of it. But then the internet got hold of the footage, which for some reason the BBC hadn't bothered to bleep out and then the retardation truly began. As best I can tell, social media seems to be divided into two camps on this one. On the one side are the people who recognize how harmful and offensive the word is, but also accept that the guy who said it couldn't control himself because he suffers from a disability, and that ultimately it was just a very unfortunate situation for all concerned. But on the other hand, there was a different perspective. You know, it's fascinating to watch people who make it their business to get offended on behalf of others for a living suddenly having the unstoppable force of racism slam into the immovable object of abbleism and just completely lose their minds over it. Suddenly, they don't have a pre-written script telling them how to think and feel and are having to exercise their critical thinking muscles for the first time in their adult lives. And well, many of them have been found wanting. >> Well, isn't this a >> big surprise? >> Oh my god. such as everyone's favorite bad take factory, Grace Randolph, who I'm still not entirely convinced is a real person and not just some halffinish malfunctioning AI that somehow escaped into the real world, but whatever. This was her initial take on the situation. No matter how Tourette's works, that the BAFTA subjected Michael B. Jordan and Delroy Lindo to that is outrageous and shameful. You know, I'm actually used to people suddenly becoming experts in subjects they have no direct experience with and haven't bothered to do a single minute of research on the moment there's a bit of political posturing to be done. But it's actually kind of refreshing to have someone openly profess their boundless ignorance like it's some kind of virtue. The thing is, Grace, it's actually quite important how Tourette's works in this case because how it works is literally the reason this whole situation happened in the first place. It's like a little demon on your shoulder that can suddenly take control of your body whenever it feels like it and force you to say and do things you absolutely don't think or feel. But hey, who cares about the details, right? She wasn't finished yet either. Oh no, the retardation was in full flow with this one. Tourette's means no filter, which means this man thought it. Despicable. The bafter's out here making fools of themselves and the entertainment industry. >> You sure about that? You sure about that? Honestly, Grace, there's only one person making a fool of themselves in this case, and it's not the BAFTAs. The real problem with people like Grace, though, is that they can't understand neurodeivergent thinking. For all their high-minded talk of tolerance, empathy, and understanding, they really can't seem to form a mental map of any mind that operates differently from their own. That's why they can't conceive that people might have different opinions from them, different worldviews, or in this case, different ways of processing words and thoughts. Davidson himself even explained the situation the day after the ceremony, saying he was deeply mortified if anyone considers my involuntary ticks to be intentional or to carry any meaning. I've spent my life trying to support and empower the Tourette's community and to teach empathy, kindness, and understanding from others, and I'll continue to do so. I chose to leave the auditorium early into the ceremony as I was aware of the distress my ticks were causing. Literally, the guy was [ __ ] mortified by what had happened and left just in case it happened again. But I guess that still wasn't good enough for the middle-aged liberal white woman who makes it her business to be offended on behalf of the rest of the worlds. Back to Mr. Davidson. Considering he knew this was a horrible word he shouted out uncontrollably, he should have done everything he could to keep this from happening. And it's telling that he voluntarily left the event after this, as he on his own accord could tell what he had done was horrible. Of course, Mr. Davidson deserves to attend a ceremony where a film about it is being celebrated. But as he preaches understanding and responsibility, I wish he'd demonstrated those same things himself last night. [ __ ] what? >> What you just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. >> Well, isn't this a big surprise? I [ __ ] can't with this woman, man. I just about had a [ __ ] stroke trying to make sense of this word salads. >> Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. >> Either way though, the question I would ask you in this case, Grace, is what would you have had him do? Voluntarily exclude himself from the biggest moment of his entire life where his own life story was being honored and people were finally recognizing the struggles he'd been going through for decades. [ __ ] man. Why stop there? Maybe we should just put all the people with disabilities in their own separate area so they don't ruin things for the fine upstanding folks like you. I'm pretty sure there's a word for that kind of thing, but for the life of me, I just can't seem to place it. You know, all this does make me wonder if Grace and people like her even care about any of this stuff, if they're genuinely offended by the language that was used that night, or if they just love the drama, the chance to virtue signal online for some cheap and hollow validation. the little rush of power that comes from shaming someone into making an apology. I'll let you decides. Personally, when it comes to this complete shitow and everything around it, I believe that both things can be true. You can recognize that words like this have a long and harmful history, but also demonstrate a bit of understanding and maturity towards a man who struggled with moments like this his whole life. Maybe if there's one thing to be taken from all of this, it's that films like I Swear are more important than ever. And maybe, just maybe, we haven't come quite as far in our acceptance of differences as we'd like to believe. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.