Hey guys, welcome back to Clownfish TV. This is Neon. I am here with Geeky Sparkles. >> Hello. >> And since we talk a lot about AI lately on this channel, we're going to talk about how it is being abused by car rental companies >> to nickel and dime you. Uh any damage uh real or perceived is is is going to uh come out of your your wallet, right? >> Yeah. They're billing you for like, oh, our AI scanner said you had a scratch on the undercarriage. Just driving the damn car down the road and gravel flying would scratch the undercarriage. You know what I'm saying? >> Yeah. And it's it's almost unavoidable, right? Because you drive a car, there's going to be normal normal wear and tear. There's a big difference between, you know, scuffs and scrapes and >> Yeah. cutting into your car and then a rock chipping a piece of paint. >> Right. Right. So, we're going to talk about this because I think we're going to see more and more of it as companies rush to adopt AI. And look, this this shows you exactly what the purpose of AI is for most companies. It's to maximize revenue. So, they're going to they're going to do all this crazy stuff to be like, "Oh, the AI says," and this this kind of goes along with um you know, the the fluctuating prices, the uh you know that that they think they're going to start rolling out at Walmarts where they've got all the digital price. >> You said that was coming, >> right? So, that again, that's another way that AI is going to be used. I mean, you've got all these people that are super super pro AI everything, AI everywhere, including Bill Gates. I just did a video on him earlier today and he's all like, "Oh, AI is going to end hunger. It's going to end famine. We're not going to have to work. Everything's going to be great." I'm like, "No, no, these companies are going to use it to to to build people." That's what that's what they're going to do with it. And then our electric bill is going to be higher on top of that, right? So, yeah, it's fantastic. Let's uh let's talk about this. Before we get into it any further, please subscribe for more pop culture news, views, and rants. Guys, you'll get woohoo if you do. >> Woohoo. So, this is coming from the points guy. An AI scanner falsely pinned $2,200 of rental car damage on me. >> Uhhuh. >> So, this is uh John. John drove his rental car through six futuristic artificial intelligent scanner in Manchester, England. He was impressed by it. He assumed that such an elaborate contraption must be a foolproof way to document the vehicle's pre-existing damage. However, his opinion of the technology disintegrated when he received a $2,200 repair bill after his 24-hour rental. >> Yeah. >> Uh so, according to the claim, uh he was certain that the AI scanner made an expensive error in the company's favor and alerted uh deep scratches on the body of the car during his return trip through the scanner. That was the same damage he had noted and wisely photographed before taking the wheel. They're saying now before you leave with the car and and when you return the car, you're supposed to spend a whole bunch of time videotaping and taking photos around the whole car, >> any anything that did damage you see or anything like that just in case that they they try to to zon you with the damages now. But you can't really We're talking they're charging for undercarriage damage. How are you supposed to get under there? >> That that as soon as you drive the car off the lot, you're going to get right. I mean, it's just >> a rock just gravel on the road flinging up. Yeah. So, six AI scanner, oh, very poor choice of name, called Cargate had failed to highlight the scrapes at the beginning of the rental despite his proof of the AI scanner's mistake. Uh, Six continued to demand that he pay $2,200 to fix the vehicle. Two months later, after the car rental company threatened him with collections and legal action, uh, he asked me for help. That'd be the points guy. As a consumer advocate, I know he's not alone. AI scanners at six in Hertz, and we're going to talk about Hertz, are making mistakes. I don't think it's a mistake. I I think these AI uh these AI agents are being told to maximize profit and they might overlook [ __ ] because it might maximize profit. >> Well, then um other people were talking, which we're going to look at those in a bit, too, that you know there we're talking like the AI is saying that there's damage when there isn't. And and when you try to look at where the damage is supposedly at, you don't even see the damage. It's like we know AI hallucinates, right? But how much of it is, you know, humans just being like, "Oh, yeah, there's scratches there. You just can't see them." But our scanners picked it up. >> But what are they being told to find something wrong with every car returned? >> Probably. Okay. So, if you remember back in the 80s, there was a huge scandal with Sears with their >> Oh, with their auto body. Yeah. >> Yeah. That they were they were actually breaking cars or telling people they needed parts they didn't actually need because the the word had gone out that you need to make some money. So go, you know, >> well, and they were, weren't they like taking I mean, I could be wrong, but they taking parts out >> and Yeah. >> Then we had some guy where you used to live that was your grandpa's friend that literally drained all the oil out of the car. He's supposed to be changing the oil in the car, drained it all out so that it would it would ruin the car, so we have to go back. And luckily, you caught it right away. >> Yeah. Um, that's a whole thing. Well, then we had another we had another place we took the car to get the oil changed and they forgot to put the cap back on. >> Yeah. And it just dumped oil over the whole engine. We had to get it cleaned. >> Dumped oil. And I'm like, "What is that smell?" I'm like, "Are you freaking kidding me?" >> All over our driveway. >> It's all over the driveway. I'm like, "Are you freaking Like, we're talking we're talking middle school shop class would have done a better job than they did." And I was like, "This is ridiculous." And I I did I did bring the ride that cuz I'm like, "The reason I brought to you the change is it's a timesaver." You know, it's not a time saver having to bring it back and then they sent the car back. They didn't clean the oil off of the engine. I'm like, "This is gonna this is going to dripping all over our driveway." >> It was all over the driveway, but it was all over the belt in the engine, too. I'm like, "It's gonna this going to destroy this." Like, what what >> if I drove the car longer, a longer distance, the car would have been toast >> probably because it would have thrown all the oil out. Yeah. Yeah. But anyway, my point is there's a lot of incompetence. But now with the AI, they're trying to claim that the AI is, you know, for your safety, too. But the other one is charging people. Um, and then they're like, well, because you don't want to be, you know, having to pay for somebody else's mistake. But, and another thing we're going to look at here soon, and people in the comments said they they got charged for something they didn't do. And this person here, it was already on the car before he took it. So, he took pictures, thankfully. They're charging you for things you didn't do. Yeah. And then they're they're like, you know, and the one guy went to the the one car rental place and asked about it and they said, "Oh, we don't do videos with every every time it's returned." So, how do you know that you're the one making the, you know, they they charge everyone who's rented it since and then seeing who's going to pay up? >> Yeah, that's exactly what I think they're doing. I think this is this is a scam. This is just like we're we're seeing an abuse of AI all over the place. Um, you know, this person here said, "Based on my my case files, it appears the deployment of the technology may be premature." No, I think this is actually the purpose of it. Um, we've run into it before and people wonder why we use like AI thumbnails and stuff our our videos. We've run into people using AI to do reverse image searches and then try to convince us that they're the rights holder for the photo or whatever and pay us, you know, $1,000, $2,000, $3,000. And that's an abuse of AI. And that that has ramped up considerably. And it's all a scam. They're just they're basically fishing for suckers to pay. and the AI makes it more efficient for them to do that, right? Um, but yeah, this is a beat up rental car. We noticed immediately the rental car wasn't in great shape. Um, this is a BMW Series 5. It had damage in the front passenger side. The tire rim had scuffs. There was a deep scrape on the body. Anybody who's rented a car, they look like rental cars, right? They usually do. Uh, having rent approximately 20 cars from six over the year, the couple was surpris over the years, the couple was surprised the poor condition of the vehicle. No one at the rental counter had told them the car was damaged. We took a few photos of the scratches and scuffs. I took a video. Yeah, that's what you're talking about. Um, but they said, "Yeah, it's uh this is [ __ ] This is some bullshit." Um, so here's here's what he got. He said uh Staturer said he had no inkling that this rental would be any different from his others. Two days later, he got the first of many emails from their damage team, probably written by AI. Thank you for your rental six. We're contacting you regarding the damage to the vehicle that has been recorded upon your return. We have checked the documents available to us to assign and assign the damage to your rental period. We look forward to receiving your payment of 1,600 within 7 days. >> Sorry, >> I'm hoping this would be an easily correctable mistake. Oh, never assume arguing with the company when it comes to money is going to be an easily correctable mistake. That it's if you can even get a human. The couple requested the vehicle instant report. Those reports included critical details about the vehicle, the rental contract, photos. If you believe you're being falsely charged for car rental damage, it's crucial you get the VIR and carefully review it. They were sure the VIR associated with their rental would vindicate them, and it did. Um, but they said, yeah, the VIR with the AI scanner before and after photos clearly showed the pre-existing damage. The photographs and videos provide the same evidence. However, that undeniable glaring proof didn't stop them from pursuing him for a payment of $2,200. >> It's probably AI doing the the billing. >> Yeah, that's exactly it. So, that's the thing. You you don't understand like how deep the rabbit hole goes here. It's AI, you know, saying, "Oh, there's damage or whatever. It could be a glitch or it could be hallucination or whatever." But it's also AI sending you the emails, AI doing enforcement action. >> We don't know that, but that's what it sounds like. Cuz no human would look at that and be like, "Yeah, no." Well, it's >> still your fault. >> It's going on with the utility companies, too. Um, and I know like with the internet with Comcast, I talked to a guy. We used to have a human because we have Comcast business. We used to have a human that we could talk to, and that is not the case now. And some of the dumb [ __ ] that they do, like, it's amazing you can get somebody. I mean, and if you get somebody, they're not going to be in this country. I'm I'm going to be honest. Um, but even then I talked to somebody at the one company or I thought it was a somebody like two or three weeks ago and I asked them some very pointed questions and they got frustrated and hung up. But I don't think it was a human. I think it was an AI voice agent. >> Mhm. >> They couldn't answer the question. >> They couldn't answer the question. So it just kind of like went in circles and then they disconnected me because they couldn't answer the question and then they just start sending you the same [ __ ] It's all being done with AI and that's what these companies want the AI for. you know, for all this talk of like it's gonna be a utopia. We're not gonna have to work and the robots are going to be our slaves and it's gonna be great. I was like, except for the robots, >> you know, here's my next thing. If they have damage, they're showing the damage that was on there before the before and after photos. If they're collecting money from people to repair the damage, why wasn't the damage repaired before they got the car again? >> So, they're collecting money from people who did damage. >> They aren't apparently fixing the damage before they're sending it back out on the people when they're trying to collect again. Yeah. Um because it's not about fixing the damage, it's about maximizing revenue and profit for the company. >> And people are going to ask like, well, why don't you just pay for the insurance? You know, I that was the first thing I thought as well. Why don't you pay for insurance? And another post, I don't know if you have it put up or not, but the other guy was talking about it um happening. Yeah, this is another one where this person got, you know, the the tower and it said that they he had damage. Going on to the picture for this one, though. So, um, or they don't have the the picture, they have a video, but when they zoom in on the picture, which it might be in the comments, I might have the photo in the comments. You literally see a square. I don't see it. It must been the video that like there's nothing in the square. Like that's the damage and there's nothing there. It's like it's a complete like empty space. >> Yeah, >> there's like a line there, but I don't think it's damaged. I think it's a reflection or something. >> Well, that's the thing. It could be Yeah, it could be a reflection. It could be a whatever. I mean, this is just >> And this guy got it got charged. In the comments on this one, I don't know where it is off the top of my head, but you can go look at this post. People said they had the insurance and then they still got charged because people were like, "Why don't you just have the insurance?" And they're like, "Well, they they've gotten the insurance and that was supposed to be, you know, bumperto-bumper insurance and it and it and they still got charged for it." Yeah. This person says they three small scratches in the undercarriage that the human eye can't even see. Went to my local rental place and they admitted they don't have scanners. So, the car doesn't get scanned at every rental. So they don't know when it happened, but it don't even like to naked eye because it's probably gravel coming up off the road or something. They're considering that damage. >> So you could Yeah. >> $100 for that. >> That's insane. So you very easily could be paying for somebody else's damage, right? >> Well, if I were if I get build for it and they insist I pay it and it turns out that you they make you pay it, you I would be asking them for proof that they fixed it because I think they're not fixing. I think they're pocketing the money and then just, you know, say, "Oh, this damage is pre-existing." and then often or not even mentioning at all and then trying to put it off in somebody else later. >> Yes. Um this woman says the same thing happened with my husband. Um he reported to his business credit card. They're fighting it. It was also around $600. Seems straight up scamming people. I think that's what they're doing. I I don't think this has anything to do with actually them being concerned about the damage to the vehicle cuz I've rented cars before and they were scuffed and scraped and whatever. They were you know what I'm saying? It was a rental car. They're they're it's going to be what it's going to be, right? And um >> yeah, >> well they shouldn't be if people are being charged for damages up to like little minute scratches. Every person who gets a rental car should have a pristine car because they are they were charging people for damages that then they should have had those cars fixed. Correct. >> Yeah. You would think um this guy this guy here because again this is what happens with the AI running a muck. They say it's wild and predictable. Give a blackbox incentives to find damage. It's going to find damage. Same pattern as fraud systems and spam filters optimized for catch everything equals false positives. Uh trusted scans only if model and thresholds audited by a third party. Clear disputes flow with a human who can override. But what they're what they're doing it just sounds like they're just firing off AI emails demanding money doing the you know even if you prove that you didn't do it, they're just going to keep harassing you and threaten you. >> Yeah. And then what happens is the AI probably can throw you into collections and the collections agency is probably AI too. And so that's what the bots are being used to harvest money. That's they're not harvesting food. They're not benefiting mankind. They're just finding ways to [ __ ] over people more efficiently. >> And again, that's what they're being used for. If over the years, even before the AI, if over the years people got charged for damages to the vehicle, the next person who should be renting the vehicle should not have damages to the vehicle. If you had to pay for damages, then those damage that money you paid should have fixed the vehicle. >> And I'm saying here, who has the time? you rent a car because usually you're traveling, you're in a hurry, whatever. Give me the keys, I got to go. Who has the time to sit there and make a video of the damn car and go underneath the car? >> You have to now. Apparently, they said they said do something like a quarter to compare show the sizes and stuff too to prove it. And now you have to spend all this time >> doing this. >> Yeah, it's all scam. They will never get paid. The car roll business will just get even more depressing. Um, I mean, for that kind of money, it's like [ __ ] dude. You just go buy yourself a beater car for there's no I mean, this story I actually remember covering before. I think we talked about before for this one in scuff and and it's just like, you know, some of the stuff is just nothing that you did wrong. It could have been something flinging up from the road, you're behind a truck on the road and it flings gravel at your windshield or whatever, things like that. And again, they're like, "Well, get the insurance." People with the insurance said they're still being charged. This whole thing's effed up. And I guarantee you it's AI. It's all It's so >> in my opinion. There you go. >> No, I'm telling you, >> they said it was AI. >> Yeah, that's what's going on here. And that's again, this is what companies jump to. The very this is why they're all salivating at AI and this is why they're throwing crazy money at like Sam Alman and all that cuz that's what they're seeing. They're they're trying to sell the public that AI is going to lead to some utopia with a bunch of robot workers and we don't have to whatever. It's going to be like Star Trek. The reality is is these big corporations are going to use it. Even if it's good, it's not great. It's it's it's okay. It's a good tool, but it's going to be abused by these corporations to juice us all for more money. And that's going to be food, uh, cars, expenses. I mean, is the point now where >> everybody, it doesn't matter what economic level you're at, we are all getting nickel and dimed for so much and the AI is just doing it more efficiently. And at some point, people are going to have to be like, look, just [ __ ] stop. It >> It's funny you mentioned you mentioned Sam Alman. Do you see the thing where he was basically people were saying about AI being huge drain on the environment and the cost and his his answer was well it costs a lot of money to raise a person until he hit 20 so they could be in the work for it. I was like are you effing kidding me right now? >> Sam Olman is a snake oil salesman. I I'm >> clearly that's what you're good with. >> Again you're you're you're talking to a guy who likes AI as a tool but I I realize that it needs human oversight. It's a good tool to augment a human doing a job. There are no humans involved in this process. I don't believe. I think it's all being done with AI and these companies are just going to cheap out. They think it's magic. And uh all it's going to take is a couple of lawsuits by a human to be like, "Hey, you you charge me, you know, $3,000 for damage I did not do." And that that should constitute normal wear and tear on a vehicle. You can't help it if you're driving down the road and you know, piece of gravel hits your windshield or you know what I'm saying? stuff like that should be covered. >> I mean, even the undercarriage, I'm like, undercarriage is going to get said, you can't even see it by naked eye, but the AI said there were scratches there. Then they're going to charge you thousands of dollars. It shouldn't cost thousands of dollars for for vis visibly undetectable scratches >> and then they're not fixing it anyway. They're just going to the next person charging them more. So, I'm again, if you're charging people money to have the car fixed, why aren't the cars being fixed before the next person gets them? Because >> that was before AI. >> That's not what it's about. It's that maximum revenue and and and you know, we talked about this in the other video that people aren't traveling as much. Um, and they're not, you know, so rental cars depend, you know, these rental car companies depend on people traveling. People are not traveling because they have the money to travel, but they're getting nickel and dimed at the hotels, too. And they're getting nickel nickel and dimed at at uh, you know, the theme parks and wherever the hell they go, the airports, all stuff. So, they're not traveling. It's too expensive. And then you throw this on top of it that the rental car could your your $200 rental car could cost you $2,000 because you know you have a scuff on it or some [ __ ] >> So yeah, make sure you videotape and take pictures of things. Maybe spread the word to your friends who do use rental cars and family members to watch out for this. If maybe the bad publicity gets out there enough, the rental cars will have to walk companies will have to walk it back. But it's it's unbelievable. And I think it's it's going to be coming out that it's happening to more and more people. And I bet you, in my opinion, I will bet you that if one person's getting charged for damages and they're admitting they don't scan it at every time, then there's probably several people being charged for the same damages because why would they pick? They might have read it five times since it was scanned last. Why do you get to decide it was that person? You know what I mean? It could have been any of the five people. >> Yep. >> So, you know, that's concerning. >> All right, we're going to wrap it up. >> Yep. >> All right. Please subscribe for more pop culture news, views, and rants. We'll talk later. >> Bye.