On my Luciosa update video yesterday, I got this very interesting comment. The comment reads from Sora Xroxis. Did you see Zaza's boyfriend updated Google Docs? I'm not sure if you covered it though. And yeah, I actually didn't see that. I didn't cover that either as I didn't see it. As a matter of fact, I totally forgot about Zazak's boyfriend. This was someone that Zasak was bragging about early on in the Kingsman 265 Deadpool Creator Cup situation as she was saying something like, "Oh yeah, Kaplunk's going to make this Google doc that was supposed to expose Kingsman and defend CCFPS and Zaza Stack and Lucio and all of them, right? It was supposed to supposed to vindicate them or something, which obviously did not end up happening. Actually, it kind of just made everything worse for them and made them all look even worse. and he ended up taking that Google doc down if I recall very quickly and then privated his whole account or something like that. But as that comment from Sora xroxis alludes to, we do have an update from Kaplunk. He has made another Google doc and he's made some vague post on his Twitter account that seems to be attempting to insult Kingsman 265 or something. It's very weird. Along with that, the vague post also seems to be attempting to play victim and present the women that went after Kingsman as victims. You know, they already tried playing victim and it didn't work. I don't know what this guy's thinking. Getting involved now out of nowhere. Getting involved again out of nowhere and like trying to make them look like victims again. I mean, bro, this just failed a few weeks ago. Why are you trying to do the same thing that already failed? It's it's astonishing really. But hey, it's great content for us. So, we'll take a look at that. It's going to be fun. But first, a quick refresher on what Zazak previously said about Kaplunk when she was trying to hype this guy up early on. >> CeCe, did you see the um document Cap was putting together about it all? Rage for more views. I'm not a rage baiter, bro. I'm not a rage baiter. He tweeted it. Yeah. Yeah. He's um he's being very like straightforward about everything and putting all the evidence in there, too. He's actually Cap has a lot of experience writing good documents like that. So, w Cap the goat broom. >> I still can't believe that. Who has their boyfriend get involved in their own controversy to write some Google doc and then she's like hyping the guy up? Oh yeah, he's really good at writing Google Docs. That's not a compliment. That's like an insult, man. That's that's not something to be proud of. Anyways, as mentioned and as you guys already know that Google Docs she was hyping up failed. Anyways, but as mentioned in the intro a moment ago, we have another one. Yeah, genius. Good idea. Let's take a look at this. I also mentioned that he made a vague post that could be seen as insulting Kingsman. Let's actually start with this though. This is this is a truly exceptional behavior. So February 8th, Kaplunk had said, "It's probably smarter to stay quiet about this on my part, but when when did weaponizing your viewer base against creators smaller than you because you disagree with them become a normalized and celebrated thing? Saying nothing seems disingenuous? It's the internet. This is how the game works. When you are a public figure, people will have opinions about you. You can block them, hide replies, but as soon as you comment on something, you are no longer acting individually. Your audience sees that and knows your take on it. You have seen the power and influence you have on your viewers, some of which flood chats with vile racist and sexist views despite you telling them not to. Knowing this, you continue to target them at creators that do not have enough of a platform to defend themselves is beyond disgusting. You can't be lashing out like that. Take it from me as someone who has lashed out very recently. It's not a good idea. Yeah, like I said, it's a vague post and this could apply to Kingsman, but it could apply to other people, too. But there is notable terminology here that is almost word for word in some areas what Zazaastach had attempted to say when she was trying to play victim. As going back to Zaza's statement on January 21st, she notably said this about 4 hours before the tournament started. I was downstairs crying from some of the misinformation and hate that was being spread after Kingsman had posted his YouTube video, even though he told people not to hate on others at the start of the video. And so returning to Kaplunk's statement, the section where he says, "You have seen the power and influence you have on your viewers, some of which flood chats with vile racist and sexist views despite you telling them not to." That is, as mentioned, very similar to what Zaza Stack was saying in her statement about Kingsman 265, which is a direct reference to Kingsman's viral video that he posted about the tournament situation 3 weeks ago. I'll play that portion for you to see for yourself. >> I am prefacing this video. Do not harass anybody you see in this video. If you go to their stream and you harass them or hate or say anything to any of them, I will ban you from my stream. Do not do that. I've been saying this throughout the entirety since the start of the tournament, and I will continue to say so. So, yeah, Zazak was overtly referencing Kingsman's video there. And Kaplunks is more vague, but can arguably be seen as also repeating Zaza Stack's rhetoric and then also indirectly calling out Kingsmen there. The opening of his post also can be seen as calling out Kingsmen. This might be referencing something that's currently going on where some random rival creators have attempted to come out and like start some beef with Kingsman over the last few days. Many people are saying it just looks like a clout grab. And so perhaps Kaplunk is seeing that happen and he's like being opportunistic here. He's like, "Oh, now is my chance to get back at Kingsman on behalf of my girlfriend and CCFPS and Lucio, all of them." And so he makes this vague post that again seems to be potentially referencing that current stuff and then also the Deadpool Creator Cup stuff. Let me also point out the manipulative terminology that Kaplunk is using in the opening of his post where he says, "When did weaponizing your viewer base against creators smaller than you because you disagree with them become a normalized and celebrated thing?" Yeah, this stuff is not about a simple disagreement. The Deadpool Creator Cup tournament was about a group of very toxic and manipulative streamers behind the scenes trying to get Kingsman kicked from the tournament and then finding out when it didn't go well. And this more recent stuff is mentioned, many are saying is really just rivals creators attacking Kingsman to try to get clout off the publicity that he now has. And so Kaplunk potentially referencing both of those things and trying to frame it as just a disagreement is yeah manipulative to say the least. And for the record, it doesn't matter if Kingsman has a bigger viewer base or not. And this goes for anyone like like the whole vague posting if this is about someone else, which is unlikely, but hypothetically if it is, this applies to anyone what I'm about to say. And the take is this. If there are a group of people online, let's say quote unquote smaller creators, to keep up with the theme of what Kaplunk was trying to argue here. If there's a group of smaller creators online that attack someone else and defame them or try to get them kicked from something or whatever the situation may be where the smaller group is in the wrong and the bigger person, the bigger the person with the bigger community rather responds. The people that instigated it can't turn around and play victim saying, "Oh, you're a bigger creator. You're just weaponizing your fan base." Like, no. That person has a right to respond to whatever crazy stuff you're saying about them and sending their direction. You can't instigate that stuff and then turn around and play victim because their community is bigger. That's ridiculous. But you know what? It's pretty telling how CCFPS, Luciosa, Zaza Stack, now Kablunk here as well, and how these people never take accountability for anything. It's all just deflection, manipulative language, trying to play victim, bringing out the buzzwords. Anyways, that takes us to Kaplunk's new remastered Google doc that he titled Kingsman Doc the sequel. Kind of more of a remaster. And the whole thing is him trying to make Kingsman look like this toxic guy and him running damage control for Zas Stack his girlfriend, which by the way, this like by default is just a bad look for both of you. If she wants to defend herself, she should be defending herself. Why is the boyfriend writing all this and like trying to make this Google doc I think I said this already, but yeah, it's just a weird look, man. And it just ends up making both people, Kaplunk and Zaza Stack, look immature and out of touch. Yeah, I'm not going to make like an hourong video going through this whole Google doc. If I was a live streamer, I'd consider going through this on stream maybe, but I don't even know if I'd want to use my time for that even as a live streamer hypothetically because again, Zaza Stack should be defending herself. I don't need to see her boyfriend spin on the whole thing 3 weeks later. So, yeah, I did skim through this. I'm not going to cover the full thing, but I will skip to the ending, his closing statement where Kaplunk says this. First off, I want to make it super apparent. I don't condone the behavior of Lucy and Cece after the tournament drama. some of the things Lucy said in clips is messed up and I don't want to be associated with that or seen supporting it. Saying this, I also do not condone any of the rival creators who have made or shared AI of any of the girls. Regardless of what you think about the situation, this is vile. Also, creators pretending to be Zaza or pushing content about Zaza they know to be false to push engagement is also vile. On a final note, I deleted my Twitter apology because I no longer felt it was completely genuine. I felt bad for Kingsman at the time, and I am truly sorry for creating the dock and having a part in Kingsman being kicked. But watching him encourage the bullying of everyone involved for two weeks now by reposting AI content and joking about them constantly, you are asking your community to not send hate, but actively showing them it's okay to joke and meme about it. Oh wow, jokes and memes, guys. That's awful. Oh my gosh. Jokes and memes on the internet. No. What is this guy? The UK government. Is this is this Kier Starmer's alt account? Kaplunk, are you Kier Starmer? And then he posts two examples of these very problematic and offensive memes seemingly posted by Kingsman265 on TikTok or something. Ultimately, I'm just ending this video confused. I feel kind of stunlocked right now because I don't understand. I don't understand how they think this is a good look, how it's helping anything. I don't know why he's interjecting himself 3 weeks later now, like dragging this all up again. I don't know why he made that tweet you read earlier. Everything I'm saying here seems like the wrong move. Like you have multiple options to take in life and they keep picking the worst option. And that's why I'm confused right now. I'm like, dude, what are you doing? Just move on. Like, what the heck is going on here? But you know what? I guess it kind of circles me back to the beginning. I think I think maybe he saw that some other rival creators were trying to start beef with Kingsman right now and he saw this as like an opportunistic time to try to to try to also jump on board and like use that as some leverage or fuel for his own dislike of Kingsman now or something. So maybe that's what this is all about. I don't know, man. This is some real termly online stuff. That's enough of this for me. Uh let me know what you think. Let me know what you think about all this in the video in in the comments.