When I did my review of Ballerina a few days ago, the most obvious point of comparison was Furiosa, and it's not hard to see why. Both movies were femaleled spin-offs from established male action franchises. Both starred pretty likable actresses playing well-rounded protagonists. Both came away with solid audience scores and positive critical reviews. There was no backlash, no negativity around them, no controversies or media firestorms, no actors shooting their mouths off. It's Hollywood, baby. And yet both of them flopped at the box office. The question is why? Well, this is where things get a bit contentious. So, pay attention, dear viewer, because we're taking a deep dive into the murky world of film franchises. One of the fundamental problems that both of these films struggled with is that it's always tricky to launch a spin-off from a franchise that's so heavily based around its central character. Franchises like Star Wars or Marvel or Star Trek are bigger than any one character or story, and so they lend themselves much more easily to spin-offs and side projects. It's more about the world than the people in it. Character-based franchises are a completely different story, though, because they are the selling point. In this case, both John Wick and Mad Max soon became bigger and more memorable than the actual movies they were part of. Most people would probably struggle to remember the plots for John Wick 2 and three, but man, they remember Keanu Reeves was cool, and that's what they really gravitated towards. That right there is what kept them coming back for the next installment. MadMax Fury Road kind of struggled with this problem because Mel Gibson had aged out of the role while the movies were on hiatus, forcing the studio to bring in a younger Tom Hardy to replace him. They more or less got away with that though. Partly because the awesome action scenes compensated for it. But also because there was still some kind of continuity there. Even if the actor might have changed, it was still the same character they'd come to know and love over the years. Both Furiosa and Eve from Ballerina didn't have the benefit of all that fan goodwill and attachment. They had to earn it like they were starting from scratch. They weren't piggybacking off the success of their predecessors. They had to stand on their own merits and earn it for themselves. Unfortunately, their studios didn't seem to understand this and budgeted both movies like they were mainline sequels. To put this into context, the original John Wick brought in $86 million worldwide, which isn't exactly blowing the lid off the global box office, but it didn't have to. It only cost $20 million to make, and so that $86 million generated a nice little profit for the studio. Ballerina, on the other hand, is projected to make about a h 100red million worldwide, which would have been great news if the studio had the sense to budget it like the first John Wick, but they didn't. It cost 90 million to make, more than four times as much as the first movie, and so it needs to make four times more to turn a profit. And clearly, it's not going to make it. It's the same story with Furiosa. That film brought in 178 million worldwide, which would have been great news if it had cost 40 or 50 million, but it didn't. It cost 168 million. That's insane for a movie with an unproven character from a franchise that always specialized in low-budget action thrillers. My point here is that spin-offs generally don't generate as much interest or as much revenue as the original movies. And if both studios had been realistic about what these films could actually achieve and adjusted their expectations and budgets accordingly, they might have ended up turning a solid profit instead of being depressing flops. Now, that's the business side of the equation, but there's a much bigger problem that's brought down both of these films. A cultural backlash that's been building up for years now and has finally exploded harder than me after a particularly strenuous session with Tatiana. The fact is, audiences today are getting a bit sick of girl boss movies because they've had nothing but girl boss movies shoved down their throats for the past decade or so. And in particular, they're sick of seeing their favorite male-led franchises, getting taken over by unlikable, arrogant, abrasive, and infallible feminist power fantasies, usually written by talentless hacks and embittered activists who they're commanded to like and respect simply because they've been crowbarred in to replace someone far more popular. Fan bases don't work like that. The big pop culture franchises are the most obvious and high-profile examples of this, but the truth is that it's spread to almost all facets of entertainment. Like, how many times have you been told that some old movie or TV show is getting a revival, updated for modern audiences, of course, usually followed by sneering think pieces, decrying the original as a dated relic of a less enlightened time, and fawning interviews with pretentious actors up on their soap boxes about how excited they are to bring a modern dimension to their formerly outdated characters. How many times have you seen your favorite male heroes brought out of cold storage just so they can be mocked, belittled, outperformed, and ultimately replaced by their idealized, overpowered female superiors. It's all happened so many times now that even the most easygoing, culturally neutral normies are just kind of done with it. It's exhausting and demoralizing, and most people just can't handle it anymore. And at worst, a good chunk of audiences are actively rebelling against it. And what's the end result of all this? Well, in blunt terms, the female action star is dead now. Audiences have been burned so many times now that anytime a new femaleled movie shows up, they basically roll their eyes and say, "Ah, here we go, another girl boss." They're unwilling to give any femaleled action movies a chance now to the point where actual good and respectful examples like Furiosa and Ballerina all get lumped together and flush down the same cultural toilet bowl as the watery shite excreted by Disney, Marvel, and Amazon. And when I think about it, that really is a shame because believe it or not, there was once a time when we really did have it all. go back as recently as the 2000s or even the early 2010s and we had a whole bunch of established femaleled franchises like Resident Evil, Underworld, Tomb Raider, Kill Bill, and The Hunger Games. And you know what? Nobody complained about them then. There were no boycots or backlashes or cultural warfare raging around them. Nobody cared because they existed alongside male-led franchises instead of trying to replace them. There was enough room for everyone and there still is today. The problem is that the well has been poisoned to such an extent that it's treated more like a battle to the death that only one side can walk away from instead of a fun and vibrant genre that encourages new ideas and opportunities. One of the fundamental rules of the universe is that every action has a reaction. And if your action is to spend years on male heroes just to elevate lowquality female replacements, then guess what the reaction is? The audiences will stop watching what you make, whether it's good or bads. The female action star is dead because the girl boss killed it. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.