What's going on everyone? Jeremy here are from the quartering and it seems like hardly anybody's talking about this but uh yesterday or I guess in the early hours of Saturday night a young man from North Carolina decided to get in his car and uh pick up some tools on the way including a can of gas as well uh and to gain or take on unauthorized access to Mara Lago in hopes, I can only assume, to uh go after directly after Trump. And it turns out, as we learn more about this kid, um he had become deeply embroiled into uh the Jeffrey Files. And I don't know if maybe he thought he was going to go there and um be a martyr so that more people would talk about it, but I'm just not nothing about this story really adds up because if that were the case then why didn't he do that? The everything is very very weird. So, we have this kid, uh, Austin. Uh, allegedly he was outspoken about his Christian faith and political views. We're told he was a regularly expressed support for Trump, telling colleagues as recently as late last year that he believed Trump was a strong leader. Well, he also sent this text message to a friend. It was the last test text message he sent, apparently. I'm glad you're benefiting. Um, that's from the individual whose text this was. Then Austin wrote back, and this is on February 15th, so a week ago. I don't know if you've read up on the Jeffrey Files, but evil is real and unmistakable. The best people like you and I can do is use what little influence we have. Tell other people about what you hear about the uh Epstein files and what the government is doing about it. raise awareness. And then after he disappeared on Friday, a message from his friend, "Hey, where did you go?" Sources who worked with Austin at Pine Needles Lodge and Golf Club in North Carolina tell TMZ he became fixated on Jeffrey following the latest release of information tied to files. co-workers tell us that he was deeply disturbed by what he believed uh was a government coverup and often talked about powerful people quote getting away with it. Now, when I heard this story, I had to first check in on Luke Wardowski and find his location. U but uh all jokes aside, you know, I think this is a feeling that a lot of people actually have. Um, and people are going to try to connect this guy, you know, 21-year-old Austin Martin, who uh he had unauthorized entry to Mara Lago, uh, was obsessed with the Jeffree Files. Um, interestingly enough, we have even more information. Now, his family has come out and refuted almost all of this. family member of the armed man who breached Mara Lago perimeter describes personality and politics. Um the cousin of the armed man uh who breached Mara Lago in the perimeter of Donald Trump's Mara Lago state described him as a good kid who never talked politics saying the incident was mindblowing. Braden Fields, cousin of the man, excuse me, authorities identified as 21-year-old Austin Tucker Martin of North Carolina, described Martin as quiet and afraid of weapons from a family of avid Trump supporters. "He's a good kid," Fields, 19, told the Associated Press, adding that the two grew up together. "I wouldn't believe he would do anything like this. It's mindblowing." Fields describes Martin as generous, saying he would regularly donate money he earned from work at a local golf course to charity. He wouldn't even hurt an aunt. He doesn't even know how to use a weapon. Field said he said his cousin didn't discuss politics. Now, some people may say, "Hey, the Jeffrey files aren't politics." Which is fair. We are big Trump supporters, all of us. Everybody, Field said, but his cousin was really quiet and never talked about anything. Martin allegedly made unauthorized entry through the north gate of the resort in Palm Beach, Florida, as another vehicle was exiting at 1:30 a.m. Palm Beach County Sheriff Rick Bradshaw told told reporters at the press conference that the suspect was seen carrying what appeared to be a weapon and a fuel can. He said Secret Service and Sheriff's deputy then confronted the suspect. Now you can see his weapon there on the ground very clearly and a small can of gas which appears to be maybe I don't know two or three gallon perhaps. Um what's what's really bizarre to me is did a lot of things are going through my head. Did this kid want to like self- emilate and try to like quote unquote bring attention to the matter? You know what exactly was he planning on doing? Um, he was ordered to drop those two pieces of equipment he had with him, at which time he put down the gas can and raised his other weapon into a shooting position. Bradshaw told reporters at that time the deputy and the two Secret Service agents neutralized the threat. The suspect obviously passed away at the scene. Um, Martin's family had reported him missing at 1:30 a.m. Sunday. Uh, this was, let's look at the time frame. He was reported missing at 1:30 a.m. Sunday. One what? Here's a weird coincidence in another while. You know, he entered at 1:30 a.m. on Sunday and 2 minutes earlier he was reported missing. Did he send some sort of text? Actually, no. 1:38. So after he was probably already passed away or it could just be a weird coincidence, you know, maybe he was just that that's finally when they're like, "Hey, it's 1:30 in the morning. He's still not home. We haven't heard from him yet." That kind of thing. A neighbor of the Martins family described seeing the 21year-old's mother go to the gas station to report him missing. You go to the gas station to report somebody missing? What? That's odd. She had no idea where he was. Cindy Carile told RAW News she was very upset and she just made the comment that she had gotten a text from him saying, "I'm okay. I love you." So, that's a goodbye letter. So, this kid obviously did not plan on surviving uh this encounter at Mara Lago. Cindy's husband, Danny Carlile, told the outlet that this situation was tragic and likely something that could have been avoided. It's just like a nightmare. Things like this don't happen close to home. The sheriff's office said it had no prior history with the 21-year-old, who has since turned over the missing person case of federal authorities. Investigators are working to compile a psychological profile. Um, yeah, they say this about everybody. How come they all look the same? How How come they all like I think I bookmarked something quick. Let me check. Like if you look at this kid, Thomas Matthew Krooks, and you look at the other kid, they all look the same. Like the long chin here. Look it. There's a type of kid they're brainwashing. Look at this. It's uncanny. And how about Tyler Robinson? Tyler Robinson. They all look the same, don't they? Look at these two. And then look at Taylor Tyler Robinson. How about Timothy McVey? Now, maybe I'm just saying that because like they all look like they're just like all thin white dudes and there's some like aspect to that, you know, no facial hair, no, but I mean look at these guys. At least specifically these two. They have like I mean if you told me they were twins well probably not because there's a in these pictures but if you told me they were brothers I'd believe you. And if you said Tyler Robinson was another brother in this family I'd believe you too. Isn't it crazy? It's it's it's nuts to me. I'm calling this now Tucker Austin Martin was in chat rooms probably gay ones getting groomed and indoctrinated probably yesterday's aunt post he's missing today turns out to be the guy that breached Mara Lago armed this is the second time in two years we have seen a young 20 to 21year-old with zero digital footprint try to take out Trump exactly like Thomas Matthew Krooks and his online ghost profile before butler in the age where everybody overshares everything how do entire an entire young family just not exist online at all, especially after losing a daughter and a sister. It's it's a it's a good question to ask, right? He was a Trump supporter. He was apolitical. I mean, I I just don't know um what exactly how exactly you how exactly you look at these pictures and you don't and you don't think this is the same guy. You know what I mean? You know, like um it's it's so weird. I mean they right it's so bizarre. He was also allegedly a Trump supporter expressing his belief that Trump as recently as last year uh was a good leader. However, a text message uncovered by the outlet chosen Martin may have been influenced by the Department of Justice's release of the files related to Jeffrey on February 15th. A week before that, uh a coworker at Pine Needles Lodge and Gulf Club in North Carolina about the files. I don't know if you read up, but the evil is real and unmistakable. Martin said it's not really how 21-year-olds talk, but okay. Um, President Trump has obviously never been charged with any wrongdoing. Co-workers said that Martin, who is open about his Christian faith, was fixated on the Jeffree saga and said that he would talk about elites getting away with it. They also described him as becoming increasingly frustrated by the state of the US economy and having fruitlessly tried to start a union at his place of work. Does that sound like a right-wing conservative to you? Kind of doesn't. However, feels described Martin as quiet, afraid of weapons, and from a family of avid Trump supporters. Um, he wouldn't even hurt an aunt. Yeah, but this is what they said about Thomas Matthew Crooks. This is what they said about Tyler Robinson, right? He lived with his parents at a secluded countryside home and the young man had a fascination with drawing golf courses in his spare time. An Instagram account linked to him showed, "I specialize in pen illustrations centered around landscapes, architecture, and scenery," he wrote in the brief description. He posted dozens of photos of scenes of golf courses, buildings, and countryside in both black and white and color. He was also seemingly religious, captioning one of them that said, "Thank you for this gift, dear Lord." alongside a Christian emoji. I mean, I don't know. It just seems like we're seeing this happen too often and we're seeing it happen like very like this the circumstances around them are wildly familiar. They all feel like the same kid doing the same thing. Um, and this is very, very weird. Yeah, blatant. Something's going on here. Mental illness plus TDS. I mean, I don't know. I don't know that this kid had TDS. I It doesn't seem like it didn't I I don't know. Just like Thomas Matthew Cricks, just like Tyler Robinson, you know, not overtly political. all have the same body type and all carried out the same act. I don't know. What do you think? Let me know in the comments section down below and we'll talk to you again real soon.