If ever there was a name in Hollywood that screamed PR liability and keep away from press junkets, it has got to be the ampic ravaged form of Cynthia, a woman of undeniable talents who rose to prominence in musical theater and burst into the Hollywood mainstream with Wicked. She was soon showered with accolades and seemed destined to become a major player in the industry. Striking in appearance, intense in her presence, and with a pair of lungs on her that most pop stars could only dream of, Cynthia Arivo really was the full package. But with fame comes scrutiny, and the more people saw and heard of her, the more they wanted to be in a different [ __ ] time zone. From unprovoked attacks on fans to bizarre outbursts and breakdowns in interviews, the kind of self arandizing attitude that would make Rachel Zgler jealous to possibly the most unhealthy codependent traumabonded relationship in modern history. Cynthia Arivo went from Hollywood's next Golden Girl to PR disaster in the space of a single year. It wasn't pretty. In fact, it was downright disturbing at times, but it does make for a fascinating episode of Crash and Burn. So let us go back to the beginning shall we? Cynthia China Saku Ony Manasu Amarachuku Oizuki Ichimino Io I did 13 takes of this and that was the best one I got. Was born in London in 1987. One of two children born to a pair of Nigerian refugees. The marriage didn't last for long though and her parents separated when she was just a few years old, leaving her mother to raise both kids by herself. Like so many others in this series, she developed an interest in performing arts from a young age and soon find herself performing in stage shows at school. She'd go on to study musical psychology. What kind of madeup [ __ ] degree is that? Before transferring to the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts and graduating in 2010 with a degree in acting insteads. A series of stage shows and bit parts in British TV followed, gradually building her profile over the next few years. But it was her Broadway debut in The Color Purple that really put her on the map. The production and Io's performance as Key won rave reviews in the New York Times who wrote, "Misso's sobering and stirring portrayal of Keely in a rapturously reviewed revival of The Color Purple has brought the kind of praise that can change a performer's career." And change it did. Soon she was getting showered with awards and positive coverage. And pretty soon, Hollywood began to take notice. Her film debut came in 2018 with the thriller Bad Times at the El Royale. The movie didn't do great business. In fact, it was a [ __ ] flop. But it did get decent reviews and more importantly, it showcased Divo's acting range, proving that she could hold her own against experienced talent like Jeff Bridges, Chris Hemsworth, and John Ham. Her starring role as Harriet Tubman the following year was more successful, bringing in a decent 44 million against a 17 million budget and bagging a Revo two Academy Award nominations. one for best actress and another for best original song. Young Cynthia was moving up in the world and fast. A sharp new talent with an intense presence on screen, undeniable singing ability, and the kind of edge that comes from growing up in tough circumstances. It wasn't all smooth sailing, though. Attempts to move her into big budget action sci-fi territory with the disastrous 2021 movie Chaos Walkin proved two things. One, Daisy Ridley absolutely wasn't a box office draw. And two, even Cynthia Arivo, talented as she was, couldn't make every project work. Needle in a Time Stack, another sci-fi project released the same year, was another disappointing flop that didn't do anyone any favors. 2022's Pinocchio, the big budget animated movie that was supposed to showcase her singing talents, was another massive critical and commercial disaster, earning six Golden Raspberry nominations. Stung by this trio of failures, she retreated into low-budget dramas for her next movie, Drift, about a Liberian refugee trying to make a new life for herself that racked up the usual round of critical praise from the dozen or so people that bothered to see it, but otherwise came and went with barely a ripple. Things were looking pretty grim for Cynthia Arivo, just a few years in, and her acting career was at a dramatic low point. her momentum derailed by a bunch of high-profile failures that weren't necessarily her fault, but guilt by association is a pretty big deal in Hollywoods. Nothing seemed to be working, and if you're attached to too many stinkers in a row, pretty soon casting agents stop returning your calls. But as it turned out, something big was coming. Wicked, based on the wildly successful stage show that was based on Gregory Maguire's 1995 novel, which was a reimagining of the original novel, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. Shut up. Oh, [ __ ] me. We really are screwed as a culture, aren't we? Anyway, what the hell was I talking about? Oh, yeah. Wicked. So, Cynthia was cast as main character, Alphaba, alongside Ariana Grande as Glenda, who at the time was one of the biggest pop acts in the world with aspirations to transition into acting. Probably because the big 3 was looming, and it's kind of hard to stay relevant as a pop star when you're old enough to be a mother to half your audience. But [ __ ] it. This was the big opportunity that Cynthia had been waiting for. A leading role in a big budget musical based on a wildly successful stage show with a huge inbuilt fan base and all the global coverage she could ever ask for. This was the movie in which she would finally plant her flag and declare to the world, "I'm here, motherfuckers." And boy, did she ever. The first signs of trouble came in October 2024 when the poster for the movie was unveiled for the first time. It was a bit different from the musical poster in a number of very important ways. Ways that arguably harmed the image and changed the entire tone of what it was trying to get across. So, one Enterprising fan on Twitter took the liberty of releasing an altered version that was closer to the classic stage poster. And pretty soon, it began to pick up traction online. Now, most other actors would have done one of two things in this situation. Complimented the fan for their work and used it as a chance to promote the film or just ignored it and let it fizzle out. Cynthia, on the other hand, took a different approach and absolutely spurked out about it in a lengthy Instagram rant. This is the wildest, most offensive thing I have seen. Equal to that awful AI of us fighting. Equal to people posing the question, "Is your green?" None of this is funny. None of it is cute. It degrades me. It degrades us. The original poster is an illustration. I'm a real life human being who chose to look down the barrel of the camera to you, the viewer, because without words, we communicate with our eyes. Our poster is a homage, not an imitation. To edit my face and hide my eyes is to erase me. And that is just deeply hurtful. >> What you just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. >> Jesus Christ, lady, calm the [ __ ] down. What started out as an innocent piece of fan art made with good intentions was being treated as an assault on her very existence like it was some kind of national emergency that everyone needed to jump in and save her from. The fan backlash was swift and condemning and even Cynthia was eventually forced to backpedal on the issue. It wasn't necessarily a clapback because I think I'm really protective of the role. I am passionate about it and I know the fans are passionate about it and I think for me it was just like a human moment of wanting to protect little Alphaba. It was a human moment. I probably should have called my friends but it's fine. >> You sure about that? You sure about that? >> It turns out it wasn't fine though and it was the first sign that something was not quite right on planet Cynthia. And believe me, there was plenty more to come. Uh, another thing that people began to notice during the publicity tour for the film was the change that had come over the two leading ladies. How can I put this? They were quite literally half the women they'd been before. Neither of them had ever been big, but now there was no hiding the fact that they both look [ __ ] terrible. They were emaciated and frail, both physically and mentally. Their interviews looked more like a pair of Vietnam vets reliving traumatic memories of VC prison camps and horrifying torture sessions than a couple of millionaire actresses who starred in a lightweight candy floss musical together. They both have this wild, terrified look in their eyes like the whole world is this nightmare hellscape waiting to swallow them up. It was [ __ ] bizarre watching them cling to each other and cry their eyes out over the most mundane stuff imaginable. And it was hard to ignore the power dynamics at play there. Cynthia seemed to have this weird emotional strangle hold over Ariana Grande. Every time they went out together, she was always hovering over her like some abusive partner, coaxing her to say just the right thing and making sure she doesn't let anything incriminating slip out. I don't pretend to know what kind of weird trauma bonding mutually parasitic insanity was going on between those two. But if I had to sum up the concept of an unhealthy relationship with a single image, it would probably be this one right here. And while all this insanity was going on, Cynthia was also busy with stage work. In this case, the musical Jesus Christ Superstar, where she played, you guessed it, the main man himself. Right now, I know there's a decent amount of artistic license with theater productions, especially musicals, but come on, man. Everyone involved must have known this kind of [ __ ] was practically begging people to clap back. You can couch this in all kinds of fancy artsy fartsy terms if you like, but when you get right down to it, everyone can see it for what it is. Farming for outrage. The PR situation only got worse in the run-up to the release of the second Wicked movie, Wicked for Goods. The gruesome Tusome were back together on the PR trail again, looking sicker and more emotionally ravaged than ever. Now it was just becoming plain ludicrous. Every interview seemed to spawn a thousand internet memes. Public opinion swung between laughing at their self-indulgent nonsense and genuine concern for their well-being. Especially Ariana Grande, who seemed to be just barely holding on to her sanity. It got so bad that the studio allegedly had to scale back their public appearances because the more they cried and babbled nonsense at each other, the more it seemed to put people off the film. None of it really helped though, and Wicked for Good ended up underperforming compared to its predecessor, bringing in 230 million less and getting mixed reviews from critics. Did their weird antics and Cynthia's growing list of controversies put audiences off? Or was it just a bad movie that couldn't ride the success of its predecessor? I'll let you decides. Either way, one thing was becoming increasingly clear. Cynthia Arivo was about as likable as a 1960s tower block. She was practically a masterclass in audience alienation at this point. Every interview was just another self argrandizing pity party where she tried to paint herself as the tortured, misunderstood genius, the victim of a hateful and ignorant world that just couldn't accept her brilliance. No apologies, no self-reflection, not even a trace of humility, just endless excuses and cope. In an industry built on the superficial appearance of likability, Cynthia Arivo wasn't just self-d deluded, she was self-sabotaging. And the sad thing about all of this is that she's clearly not without talent. She can definitely sing, she can act, and if she wasn't so stuck up her own ars and obsessed with her own persona, she probably would have been well on her way to the Hollywood A-list by now. So, what has become of her instead? Well, she recently appeared in a stage production of Dracula where she played every single character in the [ __ ] story. Honestly, man, I can't imagine a worse way to spend several hours. Well, maybe stuck in a long haul flight between Brie Larson and Rachel Zgler. >> It's Hollywood, baby. >> I mean, she does at least have a role in Children of Blood and Bone releasing next year, but it's anyone's guess whether that movie is going to succeed. The market for such things isn't exactly thriving at this point. And if it flops, that could well be the end of Cynthia Arivo's short-lived adventure in Hollywoods. She just doesn't have the box office track record, the connections, the fan base, or even the popularity to weather a storm like that. And in the end, she's got nobody to blame for any of those things but herself. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.