So, the CEO of Nvidia is taking credit for creating the modern video game industry. So, it's so weird though because right now Nvidia is getting a lot of flack for going all in on AI and the price of GPUs are skyrocketing. The price of memory is skyrocketing. Uh gamers are complaining about the specs needed to run current AAA titles. But, uh yeah, he's going to say we we made you we made this this industry that you love and he's going to kind of ignore all the developers that helped bring this industry to life and uh you know Nvidia has been a huge part of the modern gaming landscape but remember guys we had video games we had computer games long before we had GPUs. I'm I'm just saying long before we had extra graphics cards. That was like the thing I remember back in the day when uh the first graphics cards were being released. It was like here's an extra card to get extra graphics out of your computer and now it's just kind of required to run anything, right? So, let's talk about this before we get into it any further. Please subscribe for more pop culture news, views, and rants, guys. All right, this is coming from the PC master race subreddit. Nvidia CEO says, "We created the modern video game industry, but all its push into AI upscaling has done is destroy good game optimization." That is actually true. Uh this person says game optimization became rare long before AI um if you go out to games radar they have the article in the computer graphics industry without RTX there would be nothing today nothing without us you're nothing without us while speaking at the Morgan Stanley media and telecom conference this week Nvidia CEO is Jensen Hang had some outlandish claims to make about his company's stake in the video game industry. The AI and graphics card giant CEO said that thanks to the business's production of GPUs and 3D graphics systems in the best gaming PCs, his brand created the modern video game industry. Okay, sure, Jan. Computer graphics were used for things like animation movies. Of course, at the time we were founded, it was during that time where computer graphics were becoming more capable and we could simulate virtual reality with it. And we applied it to creating a new a new industry which did not exist at the time called wait what the hella whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa. It was during that time where computer graphics was becoming this has to be a bad translation was becoming more capable and we could simulate virtual reality with it and we applied it to creating a new industry which did not exist at the time called video games. [ __ ] Video games existed long before Nvidia did. I'm just I'm just putting that out there. And so 3D graphics were modernized in my time, consumerized in my time, and the whole video game industry was created in my time. What a punk. That's ridiculous. neglecting the arcade era, a slew of the best retro console contenders, and countless video games made before RTX was even a glint in one of his reflective jackets. He had more to say. It was Nvidia that pulled it all together. The reason why we're so beloved in the video game industry, and we're so deep in it still in a lot of ways, is we created the modern video game industry. Oh my god. This is right up there with Al Gore and the internet. Do you guys Do you guys remember that? Al Gore took credit for for creating the internet. This is some horse [ __ ] The modern industry. Yeah, RTX has been a a huge factor in that. You did not create the video game industry. All this is a pretty astonishing take for the CEO of an AI company to make, especially after over a year backlash toward its fake frames approach to its most recent generation of graphics cards. And when the company's AI arm is a much larger outfit than the GPU manufacturing, but the thing that really made my ears prick up was what came next. Oh, lay it on me, man. from the algorithms associated with at the libraries in the computer graphics industry without RTX. There would be nothing today. There would be no video game industry if it wasn't for Nvidia. Oh my god. The sheer [ __ ] hubris. without our contribution of all the algorithms that go into all the game engines, you wouldn't be able to enjoy the type of video games you enjoy today. What an a-hole. It was here that I had to stop and begrudgingly agree. Okay, so yeah, AAA gaming, yes. Over rendered gaming, yes. I remember my first graphics card. It was a 3DFX card and I got it for my Mac. I had a Mac Tower in the late 90s and the first game I bought for it was actually a Bungee game. It was it was Myth: The Fallen Lords and I was astounded that the ground could rotate in in 3D and it didn't look like a pixelated mess. Um, oh my god, this is crazy. So much of modern video game performance these days is dedicated by whether or not one has support for Nvidia DLSS, AMD, AMD, FSR, or Intel XSS. Okay. AI upscaling is a huge way for people to unlock higher frame rates, etc., etc., etc. Without it, even Nvidia's most up-to-date hardware, like the RTX 5070 can't run games like Cyberpunk 2077. Yes, games have become a lot more technically demanding to the point where hardware can barely keep up with their demands. They don't have to be and they should not be. I'm going to stop right there. This is one of the biggest biggest problems with gaming right now is the hardware demands are too [ __ ] high. Okay, we don't need freaking 4K 60 frames a second uh super hyperrealistic detailed graphics where you can see every hair on a character's head. Does that impact your enjoyment of the game? Not really. I mean, Nintendo is like two generations behind on all of their consoles and their games are beloved. People are going back to retro games. It's the game itself. Is the game fun? You know, it's it's I mean, at that point, the game kind of becomes a tech demo. And if your goal is to have your game played by as many people as possible, if the barrier to entry is too damn high, and as it is right now in 2026, good luck building a gaming PC and you shouldn't have to drop $3,000 to play Cyberpunk. I mean, that's insane for video game, right? I mean, I think that uh there are always going to be games that kind of push it, but um yeah, I mean, back in my day, it was, you know, pushing it was, "Oh, this is a CDROM game. I have to go buy a CDROM. Oh, I need a Sound Blaster card." You know, it was now it's like, "Oh, I got to go drop two grand on a graphics card if I want to play." I mean, what? Why? You know, I I don't get it. I don't understand. Does it make the game better? I mean, is a game really that great that uh you're willing to spend thousands and thousands of dollars? You literally could go out and buy like every console. You go buy a retro console and a [ __ ] ton of games for that much money, right? I mean, it just it blows my mind. I think I swear to God, I think people buy the latest, greatest rig that they can just because they can. And it's almost like somebody buying a car that they drive on weekends. like you're not going to use the full power of this thing Monday through Friday, but you just won't be able to brag your friends that you have it, right? And the thing about computers, as I've learned over the years, as someone who's, you know, gone through literally dozens of computers in my professional career and my personal life is that uh much like a car, as soon as you drive it off the lot, it's not worth anything. It's not worth as much. So, you go buy a $3,000 rig and it's it's used goods, man. And now, it used to be after like four or five years that rig would be pretty much, you know, worthless. And now though, thanks in part to Nvidia, you know, people were hanging on to their old tech. But, uh, yeah, I I would push for a baseline and lower the bar to entry for games. Uh, because I I don't think that you should have to have a $3,000 rig to play a game. And you sure as hell did not invent video games. God, this is so arrogant. Uh, games have become a lot more technically demanding, uh, to the point where hardware can keep barely keep up. The best CPUs feel like they've kept up with the innovations and architecture, the best RAM, and the best solidstate drives for gaming have arguably come faster than they need to be. But graphics cards are the ironic bottleneck of the gaming hardware market. Yeah, Nvidia's answer to this complex issue was leaning more heavily into AI upscaling and now it's developed such an advanced form of it with multiframe generation. It's really the thing you're buying one of the brands GPUs for. He said that is a helpful tool, the AI upscaling, but he said that's where I stop agreeing with the sentiments. Games have always been computationally demanding. There were games on the PS2 and before that they were doing extremely technically demanding things with physics and graphics systems. There were 3D graphics that had never been seen before in games like Shadow of the Colossus, GTA San Andreas, and even the Burnout titles. This person must be a lot younger than me because I'm like way back on the PS2. I'm like, "Bitch, uh, I remember seeing Doom for the very first time and being completely blown away by Doom because it was like, oh my god, this should not be possible. These kind of graphics should not be possible on my my PC. those games were demanding uh but they were made to run on the PS2 because that was the hardware people had access to. Yeah, I agree with that. I think that you need to find the the basically the uh lowest common denominator. Games today aren't optimized like they used to be. The industry, which Nvidia certainly didn't create, was functioning just fine without the algorithms Jensen Hong uh was alluding to. The first 3D capable GPU was the 3DFX. Voodoo graphics. Yes, thank you. I was a a purchaser of that card. Nvidia conceptualized the modern graphics card and gave life to more 3D graphical rendering power for game developers. Yeah, they didn't invent it. Modern games are eons above PS2. Um, but back in the day, game performance didn't rely on some Nvidia flavored secret sauce to run smoothly. Yeah, it's things are [ __ ] now. I think this is part of the reason that AAA games are just kind of, you know, I the cost of the game, the the barrier to entry, and the fact that the game is usually just, you know, one giant slot machine. They're trying to get you to pump more money into to to a game you've already paid $50, $60 for, and then you get to be lectured at by the people who made the game. I mean, come on. Like, there seriously. Or you could just, you know, go buy a cartridge and plug it into your Super NES and call it a day. How many PC ports have arrived in recent years that have immediately shocked paying customers with poor performance even on the most advanced hardware? Yeah, Highguard is a recent example. Uh Monster Hunter Wilds, I remember that. J Survivor or Sony's ports of The Last of Us Part One and two on PC. Poor performance is everywhere today, but so long as you can flick a switch with DLSS or FSR and still see a higher frame rate, it's all right. I don't mean this to sound like a slight to game developers. They're trying to cater so many different types of hardware while making their games stand out. Uh the the issue I take with Nvidia and it's not with game developers. I take issue with Wong claiming that it created the modern video game industry. Um without its Yeah. And saying that without its prohibitively expensive technology, nobody would be able to play them. That's that is some bull [ __ ] [ __ ] We need to go back to 16 and 32-bit games, right? We need to this brand has arguably created that issue by not manufacturing consumer hardware that can keep up with industry demands. Say it created a cure all in DLSS that's exclusive to its platforms and hike the price of that cure all. So gamers accept it's the norm to pay for hardware that's really just a ticket to AI upscaling. Yeah, the GPUs are going through the roof, man. Um, I just I can't believe this this this guy said he created the video game industry. What do you think? I'm I'm Whatever, man. Whatever. I'm gonna wrap it up. Please subscribe. We'll talk later.