So, it looks like Xbox gamers worst fears could be coming true that this is the end of Xbox as we know it. And people are pointing to the new CEO that's been uh announced at Xbox. This is uh uh Asha Sharma and her background is in AI and a lot of people think that her ex account is being managed by somebody that she's not actually tweeting and maybe she doesn't exist. Who the hell knows? They think there are a lot of things around her uh [music] gaming profile and her history that don't make a lot of sense. Her her responses seem very canned. And this theory coming from uh one of the original co-founders is that the reason she was brought in was to basically [music] end the Xbox brand as we know it, which makes complete sense. Unfortunately, Xbox as a brand has been in massive decline. Uh but the sudden exit of Phil Spencer and the ousting of Sarah Bond does seem to indicate that there's going to be a major shift at Xbox. So, we're going to talk about the rumor. Rumor. It is a rumor. It's not a rumor. So, before we get into it any further, please subscribe for more pop culture news, views, and rants. Guys, got to give a hat tip to Shinobi 602, who put this tweet out, and then we're going to go out and look at this article. Xbox will be sunsetted under the new CEO, original Xbox co-founder and console designer Sheamus Blackley, expects Xbox, like a lot of businesses that aren't the core AI business, is being sunseted. That would be Microsoft. Microsoft all they care about right now is AI. And that's all on Satya Nadella who if it's not AI, he doesn't care. And this I think this is going to be the end of Microsoft. I think Microsoft is going to again run head first into the wood chipper. They're going to chase AI. The bubble's going to burst and they're going to take everything else everything else with them. That that's what I think could potentially [music] happen. Uh again, just a theory on my part. They don't say that, but that's what's happening. I expect the new CEO, Asha Chararma, her job is going to be as a palative care doctor who slides Xbox gently into the night. Maybe uh you know a couple injections or whatever to make it easier. It would have been shocking if they had someone in there in a meaningful role who is passionate about games, passionate about the creator-driven business of games because it would be in direct conflict with everything else Microsoft is doing. Yes, all Microsoft cares about right now is AI. Microsoft is a company that is now about enabling its customers by enabling AI to drive things. That's at odds with the author model of any art, but specifically games. Yeah. Notice what she's saying. Um, and we talked about this yesterday. She's basically she's not saying they're not going to use AI to make games. She's saying they're not going to make bad AI games. But, um, yeah, we'll we'll see. So, this is coming from Games Radar. Xbox will be sunseted under new CEO. original co-founder expects her job is going to be as a pallet of care doctor who slides Xbox gently into the night. Microsoft's pivot to AI has well and truly reached Xbox. OG console designer reasons. Again, this is the guy who designed the Xbox, right? And he's saying it's over. He's saying it's over. Original Xbox co-founder and console designer Sheamus Blackley reckons it's no coincidence that Microsoft installed a core AI executive like Asha Chararma as the new CEO of its gaming arm. Rather, he sees Chararma's promotion as a sign that nonAI businesses like Xbox will be sunsetted as Microsoft invests wholly in AI as its ultimate solution to absolutely everything. Speaking with Gamesbeat, Blackley sized up the future of Xbox following seismic leadership changes that include the retirement of longtime gaming boss Phil Spencer, the departure of president and presumed Spencer replacement Sarah Bond and the appointment of Chararma despite her inexperience with games and short Microsoft tenure. Xbox like a lot of businesses, we said that they're they're going to sunset it because of AI. So Blackley also expressed some confusion at Chararma's appointment. I think everybody's very confused concluding that the logical explanation is that Microsoft especially CEO Satya Nadella the king of slop slop lord Sloptimus Prime Sloppus Prime that is that is his new name Sloptimus Prime wanted an AI person for what's viewed as an AI job. Imagine asking somebody if it made sense to put a major motion picture studio in the hands of somebody who didn't like movies or a major record label into the hands of someone who's never seen a live show. He said, uh, why would you do that? Well, you only do that if you're looking at the problem in a more abstract way. The natural consequence of the focus on AI is that AI abstracts every problem from the minds of the executives who believe in it. We're abstracting the problem of games as well. There's a core belief and you can see it in what Sata said that AI will subsume games like it will subsume everything. I do not believe that. [snorts] I I I am no Microsoft executive, but I think the bubble is already starting to burst. I think we're going to have a lot of examples of AI run a muck, which means it's it's obviously not ready for prime time. And I think it's capabilities are being massively overstated. And I think this is going to become more and more apparent throughout 2026. Uh and people are going to pull back and be like, you know what, we're just on so many levels. We're not ready for this. It's not ready. We're not ready. The economy is not ready. It's no. Let's not do this. Let's not dump everything into this, you know, one one bucket, this one one lottery ticket. We're putting all of our we're betting everything on black or bot or whatever. You know, uh Blackly stressed it doesn't matter whether or not you agree with this view of AI or games, only that you recognize Microsoft is indeed that committed to AI. And remember, I did a video yesterday. Bill Gates was not on board. Bill Gates thought it was stupid. Bill Gates backhanded Nadella when he said about going all in on Open AI and said you're going to lose billions and billions of dollars. And eventually he came around when he saw the money was there. But now that Open AI is having problems and people are looking at OpenAI and they're like, "Oh my god, they're going to burn 200300 billion dollars in the next couple years trying to grow this thing." And Chat GBT is still ass. Chad GBT is still the most ass of all the models out there. So for all the money that they're spending, I ain't see I ain't seeing the results that that they're uh they're promising, right? So if anything they add it would have been shocking if they had someone in there in a meaningful role who is passionate about games. Um so here he tipped his hat to Spencer who Blackley described as managing the beast so he could continue to try to do the right thing for games until that finally wore him out. Microsoft is a company that's now about enabling its customers by enabling AI to drive things, but the customers don't want it. That's the thing. The customers are rejecting Copilot. They're actually begging people to use Copilot because they bet everything on Copilot. They're building computers around Copilot and people don't want it. That's kind of a problem, isn't it? Right. See also the Arch Deluxe. See also New Coke. People don't want it. They just want Windows that works. And they're not getting that. They're not even getting Windows that works. Windows doesn't work. Every update breaks Windows. And a lot of the reason that it's being broken is because they're vibe coding it. Apparently 30 or more percent of Windows code now is being written by AI. And again, it's not it's not show ready. They they've gotten rid of their quality control people because they're they're in this mad dash to prove the AI can do everything, that Microsoft can become the uh MCP from from Tron and just kind of run itself. And that's not realistic. It's not going to happen. Meanwhile, people are jumping ship. They're going to Linux because they still feel like they own their operating system or at least, you know, the operating system doesn't own them. Uh they're not just a mark, right? Uh, one concern with AI taking over Xbox, Blackly notes, AI is still unproven as a technology and a business. Yes. Whereas games are established and profitable. Then why don't you just let Xbox be Xbox and do its thing? Actually create a console with physical games. It doesn't have to be the bestest thing ever. just has to be good at, you know, couch play, occasional online play, physical games on a disc that you own. But that that goes against the Microsoft way under Nadella. Sloptimus Prime. One might find it strange then to uh seemingly every executive even adjacent to tech suddenly stricken with the exact same AI brainworm. Yeah, it's so weird because uh Elon Musk was talking about the woke mind virus. I think the AI brainworm is the exact same thing. It's this mad dash. They're they're so afraid that they're going to get left behind that they're running before they can walk and they're tripping over themselves and then they trip and stumble and they're like, "Well, the solution clearly is just throw more money at this this thing." That is the solution because eventually it'll get there. And that is the uh sunk cost fallacy. We've spent billions and billions of dollars on this thing. Eventually, it's going to be the thing that we promised eventually. You know, bear with me. Give me another hundred billion dollars, Nvidia. We'll get it there. No, it's nowhere near there. It's just not. It's just not. I'm not saying it won't be someday, but it's just not. Uh we're somehow subjugating the proven huge business as part of a strategy to prop up a business we're not sure will work. That's weird. That's weird, and I don't understand it. But obviously, these guys are very sure-footed about it. Sure enough that they're putting a huge amount of resources behind it. I think it's a huge mistake. I think they need to um take care of the business they have. If it if it were me, and there's no way in hell I'd ever be put in charge of a company like Microsoft, but if it were me, I'd say, you know what, Windows is doing good. Xbox, you know, could be doing better, but we we'll put somebody in who actually understands what the gamers want. And those divisions will kind of be their own thing. If you want C-Pilot in Windows, you can download C-pilot for Windows, but we're not going to force you. We're we're going to make sure that everybody's Windows actually works and that's it. Windows works. Uh Copilot is optional and uh then the AI business is going to be a whole separate thing, right? And we're not going to just inject it into to everything. We're going to experiment with it. We're going to kind of quarantine it over here. If you want to co And that's what I thought they were going to do. I thought they're going to do like co-pilot powered PCs for people who wanted co but no, they're like no, we're just going all in. It's like people don't want it. They don't want it. God, you're stupid. You're so stupid. So, this is the uh the new Xbox CEO responding on Twitter to to accusations. She's not a real gamer. She comes from Instacart and Meta and she wasn't she actually has not been working that long. She's not that old. Uh I don't even think she's been in the workforce for like 10 years and she's already in charge. This is crazy. So, here's Chararma responding to IGN's Ryan McAffrey in her first tweet in three days. I agree. Uh, so Ryan McCaffrey, this is from IGN, says, "I do believe the AI is writing Asha Sharma's post." No. Do I believe that an experienced gamer on the Xbox team may be helping her sound more like a real gamer with her social replies? Yeah. Do I think it's a bad idea for her to try and fake it? Yes. Yeah, she she just comes across as fake as hell. I agree. Faking would be a terrible idea and wouldn't work. I also didn't expect my gamer tag to blow up and the reality is more boring. I created recently to learn and understand this world. I played with my family and it's a shared home account across devices. Um, what? Wait. So, I just started. What? Hold on. I need to learn more about this world. Why the [ __ ] are you in charge of Xbox if you don't understand the ecosystem or the games or any of it? Why did they put you in charge? Oh, to kill it. To kill Xbox. That's why you're here. Fix that. This weekend, everyone is only playing on their own gamertags. But I get where this is coming from. I don't pretend to be the best gamer. And even though I'm playing, that's still not my goal. My focus is to make the Xbox the best place to play, return to our roots, ship great things, become stronger in the future. Uh Ryan McAffrey says, "Learning the product is great. No one can fault you for that. I appreciate the additional info and context. While I have you, if you'd like an easy win with the Xbox community, here's an idea. Enhance the premium tier of game passes. $30 for ultimate price mini out." Uh I don't think she cares. I think it's I think I think Sheamus is 100% correct. I think she is here to terminate the Xbox brand to turn it into Microsoft gaming or to turn Xbox into Xbox everywhere, whatever the hell it was. And apparently Sarah Bond was the one behind that and people said that she was difficult to work with. I I don't know. But that was kind of the beginning of the end, right? Xbox everywhere. Well, business acumen is certainly uh commendable. This come from gamer brethren. Uh another disciplinary technology experience can be an asset. You're best advised to find those with lifetime experience in gaming. Uh to advise and care for curation of the world's spangly enormous library of IP Microsoft has to offer. Uh gaming company oversight is not too greatly a learn on the job sort of role unless you really do come ready to immerse yourself in more than the operational side of the business. That is a problem like with any kind of entertainment business whether it's it's games or comics or movies or tabletop or whatever. You can't just walk in as a tourist and try to try to make it go because people can smell that [ __ ] right? And Xbox for the longest time until recently was a pretty dedicated community, right? I mean, it was it was a you know, there were a lot of hardcore Xbox fans. I've gotten in fights with them because I haven't been a huge Xbox fan since the 360, but you know, I I admire their passion. Um, Microsoft doesn't see it that way. They really don't. And this is S and Del. You actually can, you look back, you can see he came in what, 2019, I think is when he came in. Um, you can see the rise of SOPUS Prime and the change in Xbox directly tied to that, I think, in in its importance. I think they just stopped giving a [ __ ] about video games because, yeah, it's not good. Uh, try to trying to win over Twitter gamers is a waste of time. That's actually true. I'm sure you've seen the gaming community as anxious and curious. So, anything you post or share will be overanalyzed. The fact that she doesn't realize that she strikes me as like an intern. She thinks like an intern or a social media manager. People think she might be a puppet CEO. I have no idea, but she clearly does not understand the space. Um, so this is Paul Tassy of all people on Forbes in this case. I think the internet is is doing what it does and going a little too crazy. Essentially, all of her tweets do not strike me as AI, given half of them are one-word [music] answers like heard or hear you. And one she asked if someone has seen all the chrono trigger endings. However, I think it's notable that she didn't expect her gamer tag to blow up. Demonstrates a lack of understanding [music] of how gamers operate and the audience uh she now serves. She probably has several threads [music] dedicated to her on multiple forums, dissecting every damn thing she's ever done. Um, I think she's being transparent about what's going on. [music] Um, but she's not a gamer. She's not [music] a gamer. Hear you. Uh, the AI questions, not about tweets, but about potential use [music] in Xbox or larger issue. Yes, there's a problem of saving Xbox at all and attempt to do all the things she says has planned and or she has planned in her statements, [music] refocus on console, but people are picking the wrong nitpicky fights. She's not going to. I even if she has an intention to do that, she's like, "Let's get back to our roots." >> [music] >> I don't understand gaming at all. I don't understand this space. And when you've got the the co-founder coming out and saying she's here to kill the brand, yeah, it's over, man. It's [music] over. So, press F. Press F for Xbox. Going to wrap it up. Please subscribe. We'll talk [music] later.