I'm gay. Meaning the courage to tell you the truth. And the truth is I am gay. Zing at all of your faces. And you should know that I like D and Dungeons and Dragons just like you guys. Another day, another controversy surrounding Stranger Things because the mentally ill audience that the Duffer brothers has cultivated don't know how to take jokes, don't know how to laugh at themselves, and are going to be fake offended over every single thing that happens. So, last night on Saturday Night Live, you had three of the stars of Stranger Things. And of course, they made jokes about the show because of course they did. This is normal. This is standard. And there are obvious things to joke about within this show, especially season 5. Now, I'll repeat what I have said many times that I thought the first season of Stranger Things was damn near perfect. I loved it. I really enjoyed season 2 except for the um the the sister episode, which was awful. Season 3 fell off for me pretty bad. Season 4 started to pick back up with characters. Um, ultimately it was a convoluted universe after season 2 in my opinion. Um, but then season 5 really just it went off the the the rails uh in season 5 and I thought season 5 was a a an embarrassment disaster uh beyond belief with identity politics, pro- feminism [ __ ] too many characters, not enough storylines that you tied up, a lot of plot holes, whatever. With that said, you had the stars on Saturday Night Live and now these people that followed this show are upset. They're very, very upset because of what happened. I'm a prequel fan. I'm also a fan of The Dark Knight Rises. Memeing on movies you like is normal behavior for fans. Crying and acting this way is the behavior of what the sequel trilogy Star Wars fans do. Because sequel trilogy Star Wars fans are not real Star Wars fans. They're people that need to see themselves in movies and have to have the proper representation. And they will get really offended if you have any jokes or memes surrounding their favorite favorite movie. And that's the same behavior that we are seeing from Stranger Things fans. They're not actually fans of the show. They are fans of what they think the show was supposed to say for them, for the representation. And how dare you laugh at who they are as a person. That's who these freaks are. Um, so here you see right here that they're facing backlash after SNL sketch pokes fun at Will Buyer's coming out scene. You also have this scene right here. SNL jokes about the sex lives of Stranger Things characters is beyond tasteless. Wait a minute. So, it's beyond tasteless for Saturday Night Live to joke about the sex lives of the characters, but it wasn't tasteless for Stranger Things to lean into the sex lives of these characters. Make it make sense. Uh, so this scene is actually pretty funny right here as well. Uh, where you have the guy sitting around uh right here. Well, Max and I started off hot and heavy, but then a couple of years in, she just lies there like she's back in a coma. So, good. It's a great one. Uh, you have him making references to cocaine cuz uh uh his nose starts bleeding and they're like, "Do you have powers?" He goes, "Oh, oh, no, no, no, guys. No, no. This is this is from the cocaine." I was like, "Holy [ __ ] this is funny as hell." Um, so it was really good. Um, but here you have it. who thought this was okay after all of the homophobia for this scene. Um, it's crazy making fun of a queer character's coming out scene. NBC, SNL, you should go f yourself. It's incredible. Of course, they have uh comments turned off, so you're not um you're not allowed to make a comment about it. And this is coming off of Conformity Gate. Um, and I want to be very clear about what I'm going to say. I want to be very respectful for what I'm going to say. If you believed Conformity Gate was real, you are [ __ ] Absolutely [ __ ] in every way possible. You are beyond help. Um, it was a funny meme. It was funny to see the reaction to Conformity Gate and the people out there that were trying to justify the existence of it. But the reality of the situation is it was never going to happen. And anybody with a working brain and the slightest bit of common sense already knew that. But it was fun to see all of the people that claimed that season 5 was a masterpiece suddenly go, you know, they were just pretending to be stupid. The Duffer brothers were just pretending to be stupid. guys. They actually have the masterpiece in episode 9 that they're going to be releasing secretly. They were just pretending to be stupid. It's like on one hand when I said season 5 was a disaster. I had a lot of these Stranger Things weirdos coming after me saying, "Oh, you're just a hater. You're this. You're that." I was like, "Now suddenly you're admitting that I was right. That season 5 was awful." And now you're saying, "Yeah, well, they were only pretending for it to be awful. They were pretending the real cut is in conformity gate. I'm like, "Oh my gosh, you guys are crazy." So, yes. So, this is just another example of that audience that the Duffer brothers have cultivated. This is the audience you wanted. It's the same audience that Disney Star Wars fans wanted. And look where that left them. hasn't haven't released a movie since The Rise of Skywalker after all of that time because the people that they cultivated don't actually support these things unless they think that these things are going to speak to them and their existence and represent them. And if you step out of line just a little bit with this group, they will go off on you and they will try to ruin you and everything that you are connected to. That's where the Duffer brothers are. Congratulations. I hope you enjoy it because they are never going to let this go. They're going to continue to be upset. And that's who you have left. You had an amazing foundation with Stranger Things. You did. and no more. It It doesn't exist anymore. You You've You've pushed all of that goodwill away and you are left with these freaks right here, the pronouns and bio weirdos, the people that need all of this speaking to them and they are never going to be happy with anything you do. So, the meltdown has been great. Um, I hope you guys enjoy this video. I do appreciate it. Uh have a great day and we will talk to you