If ever there was a celebrity that exemplified the saying don't meet your heroes, then it's got to be James Cordon. A man who rode his funny, humble, down-to-earth, everyman persona all the way to Hollywood stardom. He was once hosting everything from talk shows to awards ceremonies, starring in TV and big budget movies, and rapidly being positioned as the new face of American TV. The world just couldn't seem to get enough of James Cordon. But fame exacts a heavy price on any man. And beneath all the jokes and the jolly banter and the forced relatability, there lurked a sorted tale of bullying, abuse, out of control egos, and embarrassing revelations that ultimately unraveled his entire career. So join me as I recount the crash and burn of James Cordon. James Kimberly Kimberly Cordon was born in London in 1978, the son of a book salesman and a social worker. And by all accounts, his childhood was a pretty normal one. He didn't grow up in grinding poverty or obnoxious privilege, but instead had a standard workingclass British upbringing that he'd later used to push himself as down to earth and relatable. Anyway, he soon developed an interest in acting and presenting and started getting small parts in British TV shows like Holly Oaks and Boys Unlimiteds. What can I say? The '90s were a wild time in British TV, man. He first gained mainstream attention with a starring role in Fat Friends, a drama about, you guessed it, a bunch of fat people trying to lose weight. Damn, man. Imagine daring to make a show like that nowadays. Anyway, it was here that he met fellow actor and writer Ruth Jones. The two head it off immediately and soon hatched an idea for a new TV series about a young English guy who falls in love with a girl from Wales, a place which Mer assures me is a real country, but I'm still not convinced. Anyway, the show was called Gavin and Stacy. You've probably never heard of it in America, but it would go on to run for three seasons and become one of the most successful British comedies of the 2000s. What's interesting about it is that Cordon and Jones's characters, Smithy and Nessa, ended up becoming way more popular than the actual stars of the show. With the success of Gavin and Stacy, the offers were now flowing in. A natural entertainer who could banter with the best of them. Cordon soon found himself hosting everything from awards ceremonies to panel shows. James Cordon was now officially a big deal in the UK at least. The only question now was what to do next. His answer was to try to recapture the magic of Gavin and Stacy by branching out into other projects with his co-star Matthew Horn, ignoring the fact that it was Ruth Jones who was mostly responsible for the show's success, but whatever. lesbian vampire killers, their first big movie together, was absolutely slated by critics and bombed at the box office. While their comedy sketch show, Horn and Cordon, failed to explain why either of them had ever been considered funny. Strangely enough, Cordon would quietly distance himself from young Matthew after that. Problems were also a foot behind the scenes. Cordon's sudden rise to fame and success was doing what it does to many people. It was turning him into a [ __ ] bell end. His behavior was apparently so bad that his Gavin and Stacy co-star Rob Bryden actually had to step in and warn him to rein it in. Even his own family got involved, one of his sisters straight up told him, "James, stop being such a dickheads." It's a shame he never took that advice to heart. But it was the 2010 Glamour Women of the Year Awards that Cordon got his first taste of public embarrassment when Patrick Stewart decided to lay into him live on air. When the presenters are up here and when the recipients are receiving their awards, don't stand at the back of the stage with your hands in your pockets looking around as though you wished you were anywhere but here. Was it unprofessional and kind of petty of him to call him out live on stage instead of having a word in private? Yeah. Was it also funny as [ __ ] to watch him getting told off like some [ __ ] school boy? Also, yes. More than that though, it was the first real [ __ ] in Cordon's affable, easygoing public persona. Still, he did his best to diffuse the situation afterwards, and for the time being at least, his career was still going strong. He was a regular fixture at big events like the Brit Awards and still booking roles in films and TV shows. But what he really needed was something to take his career to the next level. He needed to crack America. Enter the Late Late Show, which for the past decade had been hosted by Craig Ferguson. He was a popular host and the show was doing well. But by 2014, his contract had expired and he was ready to move on to new projects. A replacement had to be found and that replacement turned out to be our boy James. And to his credit, he turned out to be a good choice in the short term at least. His humble everyman persona was the perfect contrast to the slick, polished confidence of other late night talk show hosts. He was able to actually have fun and engage with his guests as human beings and get way more out of them than others could. More than that though, he understood the importance of creating viral moments that could get shared on social media and he was happy to oblige. Carpo karaoke turned out to be a stroke of absolute genius that drew in record audiences and cemented the show as a staple of late night TV. They say that if you can make it in America, you can make it anywhere. And James Cordon had officially made it. He had a hit talk show on his hands. He was hosting some of the biggest awards ceremonies on US television. And even his movie career was starting to pick up again. Everything he touched seemed to turn to golds. But the old problems of ego and shitty behavior behind the scenes were starting to resurface. And the first hint of this was during a game of spill your guts or fill your guts. Basically, truth or dare, but with animal body parts, where his co-host Jimmy Kimmel asked him a seemingly innocent question that he should have been easily able to answer. >> Name two of the cameramen in this room. >> You know, it still blows my mind that his producers actually okayed this one. like they must have known what would happen. They knew how it would make him look and they still allowed it to go ahead, which probably should tell you a lot about how he treated his own staff. Now that the cracks were appearing in his public persona, all kinds of damaging revelations were starting to leak through, like during his disastrous Reddit AMA in 2018, where one of the top comments criticized him for acting like a [ __ ] in a London restaurant a few years earlier. Another commenter threw a shade at his behavior during the filming of A League of Their Own, a British sports show, and accused him of throwing tantrums, refusing to interact with fans, and basically acting like an arrogant prick who absolutely didn't want to be there. Every new accusation seemed to fit the same pattern of obnoxious, entitled bullying once the cameras stopped rolling, and things weren't much better on the movie front either. Cats ended up being pure nightmare fuel, one of the biggest critical disasters of the decade. And Cordon himself caught most of the backlash for his uh unique performance. >> A drink at the drum. >> Damn, man. Even Ricky Jervis took great pleasure in [ __ ] on him. The world got to see James Cordon as a fat [ __ ] He was also in the movie Cats, but no one saw that. >> Such was the hatred against his performance. There was even a petition to keep him from having any involvement in the Wicked movie that was in production at the time, which reached more than 100,000 signatures. Restaurants seem to be a particular trigger for James, which is ironic considering he clearly enjoys his food. But in 2022, he managed to get himself banned from the swanky New York restaurant Balthazar for allegedly screaming at staff and being rude and aggressive towards other customers. He'd eventually go on to apologize and get himself unbanned, but the damage to his public reputation was more permanent. It was becoming increasingly popular to hate on James Cordon, and the hate was even spilling over into the late show with the revelation that carpool karaoke was mostly faked using trailers to drive the cars around. It sounds like a minor detail, but it blew the fantasy for a lot of people, and ratings soon went into a terminal decline. By the start of 2023, weekly viewership was half what it had been just 6 months earlier. And by April, Cordon announced that not only was he leaving the show, but the show itself was being taken off the air permanently. Not long afterwards, he also announced that he was moving back to the UK to focus on his family. really. >> His public image was in tatters after years of embarrassing revelations against him. His movie career was derailed by a disastrous series of flops, and even his hosting gigs were rapidly drying up. James Cordon had officially crashed and burned. Yeah, I'm sure he'll never be short of money at this point, and he's got just enough name recognition to land the occasional role that will keep him in the public eye, but his days at the top of American TV are long behind him. And now here he stands as a cautionary tale to those who would follow in his footsteps. Be careful what you wish for. He's a perfect example of what happens when too much fame and success comes too quickly to a man without the wisdom and maturity to cope with it. A man whose career was built on a persona he could never hope to maintain. A man whose life was placed under the magnifying glass of celebrity and all his flaws exposed for the world to see. And unfortunately for James Cordon, there were just too many of them to overcome. Anyway, that's all I've got for today.