This goes both ways. If you're wealthy and you critique capitalism, you're a hypocrite. If you're poor and you critique capitalism, you're jealous. Americans are so sometimes. Exactly. I mean, I've seen both for the record cuz I was dead broke and was critiquing capitalism and then people would be like, "Yeah, cuz you're a loser." And now that I have money and I still do it, people are like, "Well, hypocrite much. I didn't change." And it's always so strange. Obviously, this is like personal uh for me for many different reasons because this is my life's work. But what's so funny about it is like people want you to almost be like, "Oh, once I got a touch of the bag, like once I touch the bag, it's over. Like this socialism is done." You know what I mean? And then they try to rationalize why I'm still doing this. They try to be like, "Oh, it's because like this is how he's financially incentivized to continue advocating for this kind of shit." And it's like, "No, dumbass. It maybe it's because I believe it." So, one of the things that people have started to realize in recent years is that socialism and a lot of left-wing values like defund the police and a bunch of their left-wing social views are actually what are called luxury beliefs. These are things that they end up advocating for and talking about in order to enhance their social standing rather than actually, you know, improve the country or base in any kind of factual reality. And chief among the carriers of these luxury beliefs are the Nepo babies, are your champagne socialists, your silver spoon socialists, people who grew up wealthy their entire life, who had their parents hand everything to them and never felt like they achieved anything, who now suddenly feel uncomfortable about their unearned success. So they decide to basically try to make it so that the government can fill the role that their parents filled for them. and they want to spread ideas like socialism around in order to justify the insecurity that they feel in their own heart. And I open this clip with Jenk's nephew pretending that he grew up in poverty. And this is something that is very common among these silver spoon socialist types. But it turns out some of the most prominent people that fall in this category actually grew up in the life of luxury throughout all of their youth. and Jank's nephew who gets called out by his own audience during his spiel about how when he was broke and advocating for socialism, people just called him a bitter broke person, but now that he's made it, they say, "Oh, you're a hypocrite." But we all know Jen's nephew didn't grow up broke. You know, people think that like I just was born this way. You know what I mean? I always was this person. I always had this $3 million home. Like, it's just so dumb. It genuinely doesn't make sense. Aren't your dad a billionaire? No, man. Are you Do you You're a 27 month subscriber. Are you that stupid? No. I am fortunate enough to be able to financially take care of my parents. Both of my parents. There are people who genuinely believe that, by the way. They literally think like, "Oh, he comes from a billionaire family." It's like, "You're dumb. You're so dumb." Now, the chatter right there is wrong technically about Jank's nephew growing up a billionaire, but he's not all that far off in what he's alluding to because, as has been revealed to the public multiple different times, Jenk's nephew's father actually worked for a $4 billion company as an executive. And this is why Jen's nephew grew up in privilege. And this is what messed him up to the degree where he advocates for all these crazy left-wing causes in order to raise his social status. Now, we're going to get into this, but before we do, I want to thank everybody who supports this channel via actualjusticewarrior.com/join. I >> give me the money. Give you give me the money. Okay. >> I was born in New Brunswick, New Jersey, and uh my parents wanted to do that so that I would have an American citizenship so that one day I could be the president. Not that's that second part is not true. But I then immediately was shipped back off to Turkey. So, while most Silver Spoon socialists like Emma Vigland or Zorhan Mom Donnie were basically set up from the moment they were born, it's important to understand that Jenk's nephew was actually set up even prior to that because Jenkuger, the founder of the Young Turks, actually had his sister come to the United States to the state of New Jersey while she was pregnant to ensure that her Turkish citizen son would gain the advantages of natural-born American status by giving birth and essential actually having an anchor baby in the United States of America. That baby was in fact Jank's nephew. So before he was even born, he was being groomed for success. But if you jump back to Turkey in his adolescence, as Jen's nephew has told to Wired magazine and on a bunch of different interviews, what you ultimately end up discovering is that he grew up in the upper echelon of Turkish society. His family was extraordinarily wealthy in that his father was a president or a vice president at a $4 billion finance company in the nation of Turkey and also acted as a diplomat on behalf of Turkey allowed to travel the world in order to advocate for this pseudo private pseudo government entity. So obviously he grew up incredibly well and this is why you actually see him doing ridiculous sports as a child like polo like with the horses. Again, if you saw it in a movie as a way to describe rich kids, you would think that's a little bit over the top, but here's Jenk's nephew right here with his stupid fat face as a child on that horse in his stupid polo jacket because again, this is how this man grew up. Now, of course, when Jenk's nephew was called out over the course of a couple of days after making these ridiculous proclamations, he decided to come back to his stream and change up his story yet again. Because as we all know, Jenk's nephew loves to lie. He loves to double down on the lies. And when he gets caught, he never admits that he was lying. He always jumps to the next thing. So instead of being broke growing up, which is something that he acknowledged is false multiple times in multiple interviews, Jen's nephew decided that he was going to say that he went broke completely and his family just had no money when he got out of college. I said I was broke because my parents, my dad went broke by the time I got to college and I was broke for the first decade almost post college. Now I'm fortunate enough to be able to take care of my family. You didn't see headlines. You saw a viral tweet. Brother, don't act like you read any headlines. You actually just saw a viral tweet. That's what you saw. I never said I grew up in poverty. As a matter of fact, I've openly stated that I grew up fairly affluent in Turkey. I cannot believe how stupid everyone is on the internet that like things that I have openly talked about endlessly turn into this idiotic back and forth. They're like, "Were you lying? Were you lying about growing up in poverty?" When the did I say I grew up in poverty? I didn't. I said I was broke in college and after college. >> So now the story has changed. Now the story has pivoted. Now his father went broke even though he was in a great state in the state of Turkey right when he got to college or when he graduated college. And in reality, it was just a struggle for him for nearly a decade post his graduation from university. >> I said I was broke because my parents, my dad went broke by the time I got to college and I was broke for the first decade almost post college. But the thing is Jenk's nephew is like a year or two younger than me. He is 33 years old right now going on 34. So, a decade after college would have been after he was aged 22 or 23 depending on when he graduated. But we know from his Wikipedia page and from all the things that he said in multiple interviews before that, that he ended up getting a job immediately with his uncle's company, hence the name Jank's nephew, the Young Turks. And by the way, he was paid significantly well for the low level of content that he was producing. Not to mention he got a whole host of opportunities that he would not have gotten. But for the fact that he was Jank's nephew that wouldn't necessarily even push the needle, I will be very honest. It's really embarrassing, especially cuz my boss is sitting right there. I make I make $60,000 a year, okay? And that's a really good salary. Again, the first video I ever made about him was in August of 2017. It was entitled Jank's Nephew is the worst. And in that particular video, Jenk's nephew said that he was being paid $65,000 in order to work at the Young Turks in order to produce nothing of value for Jen Uger. That's what he was being paid again only a few years after he was out of college. But I also happen to know that Jenk's nephew lived with Jenk and in fact was given a car. It was an old car, an old Pontiac while he was living with Jenk immediately upon his arrival to Los Angeles. So tell me how you're getting paid by your uncle on a nepotism deal that's probably way higher than your regular ordinary workers at the Young Turks. I don't even know if Jen started paying people the $15 minimum wage over at TYT at this moment in time at this very moment. and you're going to say that you were dead broke taking a salary of up to $65,000 again in 2017 while living with your uncle while driving a car that he gave you for free to drive. Again, he had no costs. This is the luxury of Jenk's nephew's life. And that's not even counting the fact that he was working on his side hustle, which is his Twitch, which is now his primary source of income. Now, we're going to get back to Jenk handing him his career in just a little bit, but I also want to point out that the community notes ended up violating Jenk's nephew yet again because it turns out not only is his dad a multi-millionaire through finance through a well-connected crony capitalist company in the nation of Turkey, but his mom is a commercial landlord. And by the way, according to the community note, she at least held those properties until 2016. So, while Jenk's nephew is saying that his dad, oh, he lost his job or something of the sort, something bad happened to him that made him go broke as soon as Jenk's nephew graduated college in 2013. In reality, his mom still had multiple rental properties, or at least one large rental property up until 2016, according to Jenk's nephew's own Instagram. So, what period of time was Jank's nephew broke? What period of time was Jenk's nephew struggling in his life? I mean seriously people look at what is going on. Look at him in this photo in the polo uniform as a child. Understand that his father was not only a VP at a major finance company but it was also intricately connected to the Turkish government. It had been around since the early 1900s. And in addition to that, his mom upon arriving in the United States of America also owned rental properties, which is something that does produce income, let me tell you, in the state of New Jersey. Absolutely. For sure. And immediately upon his graduation, he was able to just move to California. And he said, by the way, that he told his family he was moving there to study for the bar. And uh my dad was like, "You have to go to like law school or get an MBA or something, right?" and I was not really necessarily interested in that. So, I was just like, "Yeah, sure. I'll study for law. I still I'll study for my elsats in California, Los Angeles." >> At the time, uh you guys probably know this, but if you don't, my uncle has a YouTube channel called The Young Turks. >> It was like a 26 person shop. It was like a, you know, tiny operation. Not that big, >> not that media behemoth or anything. Um, so I was like, "Yeah, I'll just go work with him, do an internship with him, and I'll live in LA, and I'll study for the ELSATs." With I had no interest in studying for the ELSATs >> or going to law school. >> Um, so yeah, I started working there, and then I was like, "Yeah, maybe I should just like work with him >> in order to take a job with Jenk at the Young Turks and jumpstart his career." Again, something that he doesn't even give Jenk credit for to this day. He pretends like he's a self-made man, even though Jenk not only gave him this opportunity, but Jenk did something that companies typically never do. Because if you guys will remember, because we used to make fun of Jenk's nephew's little Instagram and Facebook videos when he was over at the Young Turks, he would always promote his Twitch and all of his social medias and whatnot to drive people from the Young Turks audience over to his streams. And obviously, this worked. And for those of you who are unaware of how content creation actually works, your first thousand subscribers or followers, as it is on Twitch, are the hardest thing to get on your own. He blew well past that while under Jank Uger's house, while under Jank Uger's empire. And Jenk didn't ask him for a scent. He didn't claim any ownership over what he was doing on the side. As long as he did the piss poor job that he was doing at TYT, Jenker was totally fine with that. It's one of the most generous offers that you can possibly get. A bunch of media companies don't allow you to promote your own stuff, don't allow you to run your own side hustle. And Jenk does that again and again to this very day. Remember, they recently had the blow up with Franchesca Furentini. And Franchesca Furentini was able to use TYT to build up her own podcast, The Bituation Room, so that she had a soft landing eventually when she had that breakup with the Young Turks. Jenk doesn't have to allow this. In fact, almost no owners of major media companies allow this. When Crystal Ball and Sagar and Jetty were overdoing The Hill Rising, they weren't allowed to start up Breaking Points as a side hustle direct audience from The Hills larger platform to that. When they ended their contract with The Hill, that's when they had to start up their thing because that's how it normally works at multiple media companies. But is Jenk's nephew grateful to his uncle for handing him a career? Is Jen's nephew thankful to him? Does he at least not attack him in public? No, absolutely not. As soon as he left TYT, he ended up jumping on the bandwagon for the union that was unionizing against his own uncle and started signal boosting them. When Anna Kasparian got into the whole birthing person thing, somebody that Jenk's nephew and Jenk, by the way, have worked for for years, Jenk almost two decades at this point in time. Jank's nephew, as we pointed out on this channel, showing how scumbag he actually is, decided to highlight Olay. >> But let's get started with uh TYT drama. Okay, so what happened? Uh a couple of weeks ago, Anna basically popped off and said like, I don't want to be called a birthing person. I'm sick and tired of this idea. I'm a woman. I'm not a birthing person. I will never be called a birthing person. You can never call me a birthing person. Birthing person. Birthing person. Birthing person. Birthing person. and blah blah blah blah. Now, for many people, it was like, "What? Like, who the did this to you? Like, I don't what do you what do you mean? Like, is are there just people going around saying like you're a birthing person?" No, I don't think so. It was one of those things where like what she's saying isn't like what she's saying isn't like unreasonable. You know what I mean? Because being reduced to your like reproductive capabilities would be really ridiculous. And that's precisely why nobody uses it. the person that deliberately posted a compilation of Anna Kasparian saying the n-word, even though in those segments where she said it, it was from a time in media where you read people's quotes and all of those segments were her condemning somebody for using the n-word in a racist way. And she ended up cutting that all together and saying that Anna was calling black people the n-word. And what did Jen's nephew do? Did he have any loyalty? To the woman who is absolutely crucial to the company that his uncle started, the company that gave him his first opportunity that jumpstarted his career that set him up on a path of success. No, he said that he would love to have Olay on and he started praising her. >> I love Oly Emmy. I think Ole is great. I'm excited to have her on the broadcast. Uh hopefully eventually her and LOL overruled were supposed to come on the broadcast. She's a wonderful person. She does a lot for uh you know, she does a lot for criminal justice reform. Uh and and you know, she's great. >> Look, I said it way back over eight years ago in 2017 when I made my first video on Jank's nephew, and that is in fact that he is the worst because he absolutely is. The man has no loyalty, no honor. And by the way, he still signals support for Sam Cedar and Emma Viglid, who constantly attack TYT, who constantly attack Jenk, his uncle, who again jumpst started his career, and Anakasparian over the pettiest of reasons, because the guy is an absolute scumbag. And he actually might want Jenk's company to go under so people can stop reminding him of the fact that he would be nothing or significantly smaller without Jenk Uer having his back. I mean, he might not even be an American citizen, but for Jen Uger actually getting his mom here to this country in order to give birth to him as an anchor baby. And also, I want to add, no matter how many times that Jenk's nephew has thrown his uncle under the bus, you almost never hear Jenk throw his own family under the bus. So, he even has one-way loyalty from his uncle throughout the years despite the fact that he has sided with Jenk's enemies, targeted him, boosted up campaigns meant to damage the company, and again, even supported people that went after his co-host, somebody that Jenk definitely does care about, who's been at the company for a long time, helped build the company, because that is what a scumbag would do. never show any loyalty no matter how much loyalty and grace and handouts have been given to you. So yeah, let's be clear. Jen's nephew was never broke. He never struggled a day in his life. He had almost everything handed to him. And by the way, even his connection with Destiny was only something that he was allowed to make after he already had notoriety from TYT. So that was the other person who helped build up his career. And coincidentally, Jen's nephew ended up backstabbing him. Now, I know a lot of people don't like Destiny. Totally understandable. But at the time, most of the reasons that people site for why they don't like him weren't out there in the public. In reality, the reason Jenk's nephew backstabbed Destiny is the same reason that he backstabbed Jenk. It's because he felt like he didn't need him anymore, because the scumbag is a user through and through. And that's the crazy thing. He talks all about this generous welfare state about how socialism is so magical. But you got to judge a tree by its fruits. And all of Jenk's nephew's roots are rotten. The man has no loyalty at all whatsoever. And this is why I've had no respect for him at any point in his entire life. I mean, seriously, compare and contrast this to like Anakasparian at the Young Turks, who was given an opportunity at TYT at age 20. Almost nobody would have put her on the air at that early age, but Jenk needed somebody. He ended up bringing her on board. And what 17, 18 years later, she is still at TYT. She is one of the faces of the network. She's had probably multiple opportunities to go other places. Currently, right now, she's on CNN. She's doing her take in Miami, which by the way, I'm not saying anything. I'm just saying I would love to be invited to Miami to film that show. I I again, I I've talked about it before. I want that lobster roll from Keargo Fisheries. And anytime somebody could fly me out to Miami for free so I can go get that lobster roll, I'm 100% there for it. But that's neither here nor there. Let's set that aside for a moment. But Anna could leave TYT for a better opportunity, but she didn't do so. She's more loyal to Jenk, somebody she's not related to, somebody who she's had many disagreements with, than his own blood, than the man who is only an American citizen, a natural-born American citizen, due to the fact that Jenk schemed it that way, Jenk and probably Jenk's father, Jenk's nephew's grandfather. But who knows how disrespectful Jenk is to his own grandfather as well. So yeah, the guy's a scumbag. He's a Nepo baby. He's a trustf fund brat. Silver spoon socialist. And by the way, he is not unique in that. Taylor Loren's wealthy family. That Carlos Maza quite literally his mom married a billionaire. Emma Viglin, the daughter of corporate lawyers. Zorhan Mamani, wealthy foreigners from Uganda. His mom's a filmmaker that made money in India and also made money in the United States of America doing projects for Disney. This is who these people are through and through. And make no mistake about it, that compassion for the poor is performative. It's about as authentic as them laring about struggles in order to gain more influence over you, in order to gain more money from you. But you know what? Those are just my thoughts. I want to know what you guys think down in the comments below. As per usual, if you like this video, show them by leaving a like. Subscribe for more content. Follow me on my social media. Support me via the support links in the description of this video. This has been me telling the truth about Jank's Nephew. Till next time.