You guys might have heard about this game 1348X Voto. It's been in the news for a while now, but it just had its official release yesterday. This game is a game where you play as Night Erand on a quest to save her lesbian lover. So far, reviews are mixed and the player count is only slightly over 400. Not a great start. Criticisms such as the game feels really buggy and it can't be recommended in its current state, that it's not tactical and it's not fun. Even this one talks about how they so wanted the game to do well. But they go on to list a number of issues, similarly talking about bugs, clunky combat, boring gameplay, stuff like that. But the reason I want to talk about this today is because this is actually some of the funniest cope I've seen in a long time. This is a whole new line I've never heard before, actually. So check this out. Emerald Apple had pointed out that this game is flopping. And this person says the game has been out only for a few hours and pay what? I'm sorry. Paychecks aren't usually until Fridays anyways. People want to stomp on queer stories the moment they can, bro. The we we just didn't get our paychecks yet. All right, bro. Well, I tell you what, today's Friday. Let's see how the player count does today. I have a strong suspicion it's going to be even worse than it was yesterday. But, okay. Go tell us how the modern audience is going to support this game once y'all get your paychecks in on Friday. Sure. The code continues and the replies, check these out. It released on a random Thursday. Let's give it time. Dang. And the OP's like "Exactly." Another person says, "It was also dead in the middle of the workday in North and South America. Some of us have jobs, lol." OP's like, "Yep. Even if they want to defend this game so badly, could they really not come up with like a better defense than the three three comments we just read?" I mean, that's just such cope. It's crazy. Of course, there were also people calling out the cope in the replies. for example. Weird how no other game has this issue. I guess we should see a huge uptick in players after Friday then. Fingers crossed. The OP says, "Nothing you say has any meaning to me. Be gone." Yeah, I guess they got offended by that one. And this one's saying, "Sad, but I doubt it has any chances." The OP says it does. Oh, yeah. It has a chance. Yeah. Okay. We'll see how that ages, won't we? You got to love how the OP also tried to make it sound like, "Oh, people just dislike this game because it's a queer story." They completely ignore the criticism about the combat being bad, slow, clunky, that the game's filled with bugs, that the game isn't fun, that even people who wanted this game to do well are massively disappointed in the game. But hey, excuses, excuses. It's also always a weird thing when you see people defending a game that's objectively bad purely because the game was pandering to them. It's like, could you come off like a bigger tool? Oh, they pandered. I'm going to die on this hill of defending an objectively bad game now. Like, bro, stop unquestionably consuming Rainbow Capitalism. Try to have some original thought. Stop being mused like a tool. That's my advice at least. Now, if you're out of the loop on this thing, part of the reason why people have been like watching this game so much is because the devs have been completely masked off about how they want to cater to the modern audience with this game. And they even like bragged about having some sort of modern agenda, so to speak, because they got mad at another game, Nights Path, and then tried to make some snarky response to them. We see how that's playing out now. And then they also previously had bragged about having apparently 100k and then 200k wish lists for this game. And I instantly saw that. I'm like, "Yeah, right, dude. There's no evidence of this. The information is not publicly available. They never provided evidence of these 200k wish lists." And excuse me, it was actually 250K. So even more to my point than that's even worse. It's even worse. Look for them. Oh, we have 250k wish lists. Barely breaks 400 concurrent. Yeah. Okay. GG. And so we get responses like this now from Ark509 saying, "No one is ever going to care about your game if the only marketing you did for it was starting a fight on Twitter." Now, when you look into the developer studio behind this game, Sedlio, they say they're a small new game studio made of an international team of AAA veterans. Huh, where have we heard that before recently? And Sedlio makes 1348x Vodto. They have 15 people working at the studio apparently. How the heck do you have 15 people work on that? and it ends up being what many people who played it are calling a quote unquote unfinished buggy mess essentially. Oh wait, these are people from the AAA industry. Okay, yeah, that checks out. And so as gamers continue to support indie games more and more and the AAA industry continues to crumble because of their own actions, we see more and more people from AAA leaving and trying to LAR as if they're indies. But of course, it's the same sort of people from AAA doing the same sort of stuff they were doing in AAA, albeit now on a smaller budget. Even so, you got to wonder how these people even had the budget to have like a 15 person team working on this. Pretty suspicious stuff, isn't it? Reminds me of Dustorn in a way. Remember Dustor? That game was complete modern audience slop and it turned out that they were actually getting government funding. This is the case oftentimes with these sort of games. They get some sort of like DI grant or maybe an ESG capital firm that supports them. Now, I'm not saying that's the case for 1348. We found out that some of that was the case for Dustornne, so I'm making that comparison. Maybe 1340 has a similar thing going on. I don't know. Nevertheless, that is the 1348 votto situation and some of the most hilarious cope I've seen in a while. Let me know what you think about all that. Appreciate you. I'll see you next time.