Hello everyone. Dan here back with a new video, 
not a podcast episode presented as a video,   no. a real three arrows video. Today we’re 
gonna talk about the Iraq war. A war that is   somewhat unique in American history in that its 
the only war that the public never truly knew   why it had to be fought. The arguments by the Bush 
administration at the time were contradictory and   changed as the war went on and everyone was kinda 
left with a big question mark at the end. Now,   luckily there are a series of videos that 
aim to enlighten us on the motives of the   U.S. at the time as well as some other details 
about the war. The project to reframe the Iraq   war away from its common understanding, is a 
project YouTubes top fake university PragerU   has been undergoing for years now. So as the 
invasion of Iraq is getting around to its 20   year anniversary I thought we’d take a 
look at that project and talk about it. What made this line up of videos particularly 
interesting is the line up of guests PragerU   secured for this because they really brought 
out the A team here. Its not like that one video   where they got A GUY, literally just a guy from 
Ecuador that they apparently flew in to talk about   how much he loves Israel. No, our line-up today 
includes a published historian, a pulitzer price   winning journalist and a Fox News anchor. That 
last one being the least impressive obviously. The first video we’re gonna 
take a look at is called   “Why America Invaded Iraq” narrated by an 
aggressively British man named Andrew Roberts   who, to PragerU’s defense is a historian. 
We’re gonna skim through his body of work   real quick before we delve into the video 
just so we know who we are listening to. The book of his that I took a look at in 
preparation for this video is “A History   of the English-Speaking Peoples 
Since 1900” which is full of gems. Here is a small excerpt where Andrew Roberts 
talks about the British concentration camps   during the Boer wars in which over 25.000 
people died due to poor conditions: “The ‘war crime’ for which the British have been 
most commonly held responsible during the Boer war   was the supposed ill-treatment of Afrikaans 
women and children in camps there. In fact,   these ‘concentration camps’ - the term had no 
pejorative implication until the Nazi era - were   set up for the Boers’ protection of the veldt, and 
were run as efficiently and humanely as possible,   given the Boer commandos’ own constant 
disruption of rail-borne supplies into them.” Further into the book there is a section on 
the Amritsar massacre that saw between 400 and   1500 unarmed civilians surrounded and shot on the 
orders of a British brigadier general which Andrew   Roberts frames as a brutal killing, sure, but one 
that prevented even worse things from happening: “Although much about that 
terrible day is disputed,   the fact that it pacified the Punjab 
virtually overnight is not. After April 18,   it was not necessary for another shot to 
be fired throughout the entire region.” I don’t want to get lost in the weeds here but 
I think its fair to label the book, as Stephen   Howe has in a review for the independent as 
a series of “grotesque defenses of almost any   English-speaker ever accused of blundering 
or brutality”. So it makes sense PragerU got   this guy to defend the atrocity that was the Iraq 
war given the experience he brings to the table. There is one more thing I would like to highlight 
before getting into his video for PragerU that I   be reminisced at leaving out. In the early oughts, 
Andrew Roberts held a speech for the Springbok   Club, a UK based group that regards itself as the 
white shadow government of South Africa. If you go   onto their very antiquated looking website you are 
greeted by a flag gif of Apartheid south africa   and a ton of pictures of Springbok Club members 
posing with the flag of the other apartheid state,   Rhodesia. According to the clubs website Andrew 
Roberts finished his speech by proposing a toast   to the Springbok Club, which he said he considered 
the heir to previous imperial achievements.  When confronted about his speech at this 
organization, Roberts said he had no idea   that this club was racist, despite the fact 
that the group flies the flag of Apartheid   South Africa at every meeting AND the dinner 
he was at, was held in celebration of the   anniversary of the government of Rhodesia 
declaring independence from Great Britain   after it was pressed to chill with all that 
apartheid-stuff. Anyway, just a funny side-note. What is kinda unfortunate is that Andrew 
Roberts clearly alters his messaging for   the video he did on PragerU in that he wants to 
convince us, that there was a legitemate reason to   invade by international standards. In his above 
mentioned book though, he makes clear that he   believes the U.S. and U.K. had the right to do it 
anyway and damn what the rest of the world thinks: “The English-speaking peoples 
and their allies had the perfect   moral right to invade Iraq whether she 
had flouted numerous UNSCRs or not”. Anyway, time to take a look.
A little heads up beforehand. Unfortunately   I don’t have the time to tackle every single 
thing said in the video so I’m gonna focus on   the most egregious attempts of rewriting history. 
The links to the videos are in the description if   you wanna make sure I’m not leaving out anything 
important. Lets listen in to the first clip <CLIP> Now a couple of things before we listen to Andrew 
Roberts list of Saddam Husseins offenses. This   video really is a masterclass of forcing through 
a narrative without actually needing to justify   it in any way. And its also why this video 
was very difficult to tackle because Andrew   Roberts just says a bunch of things without 
presenting anything to support those assertions.   I don’t expect a full list of sources from a 
PragerU video but c’mon man. Give me anything. Be that as it may, the Bush administration 
claiming it invaded Iraq to spread democracy,   holds about as much legitimacy as Germany’s 
claim that it invaded the Soviet Union to   “protect Europe from Bolshevism” or Russias 
claim that its intention is to de-nazify   Ukraine. Its a post-hoc justification for the 
public, when you’ve already made the decision   anyway. And this is a claim we’ll cycle 
back to throughout the video. It is also   worth mentioning that even if that was the 
honest intention of the Bush administration,   which it wasn’t, that doesn’t mean the war would 
have been justified which is Andrew Roberts   positition as he states clearly in his book.
On top of that, the invasion of Iraq actually did   the exact opposite if you remember, it radicalized 
a lot of especially Sunni muslims in the region   and led to the creation of ISIS. Andrew Roberts 
also doesn’t tell us where the logical throughline   is from toppling Saddam to the Saudi Royal family 
suddenly being convinced they should let go of   the reigns of power in favor of a democratic 
system. This was a fantasy, even at the time and   ultimately just a tool for the Bush administration 
to get liberals on board with an illegal invasion. You’ll notice throughout the video that, Andrew 
Roberts doesn’t provide any explanations on what   the U.S. objectives actually are in the region. 
If its about democracy why not invade Iran, Saudi   Arabia and all the other non-democracies? Roberts 
just kinda lets that hang while implying that the   only rational the “english speaking peoples” 
go by are wanting good things like democracy,   and being against bad things like dictatorship.
Lets listen to Andrew Roberts continue about   where it all starts and why the United 
States quote “felt forced to act”. <CLIP> First off, I’m not exactly sure, why this 
narrative would start with the Iran/Iraq   war and not, lets say the overthrow of Abd 
al-Karim Qasim and the rise of the baath party,   but here Andrew Roberts commits what I would 
call an unforced error in starting off this   list with the Iran-Iraq war of 1980 and 
not the invasion of Kuwait ten years later. His mistake is that this war in particuluar lays 
bare the short-comings of Andrew Roberts world   view in judging the actions of the United States 
in the middle east. He builds his arguments on   the notion that Saddam Hussein was an evil man, 
and in such him being taken out by the United   States was good. What it skips over is that, 
wether he was good or evil, and he was evil,   was not a priority at all for the U.S. And 
the Iran-Iraq war shows this pretty nicely.  As Andrew Roberts says, Iraq made 
extensive usage of chemical weapons,   particular from 1983 onwards. The Unites States 
publicly condemned this but didn’t do anything   to deter its usage, quite the opposite in 
fact. Here is how historian Efraim Karsh   describes U.S. support for Iraq, after it 
had started making use of chemical weapons: “In December 1984, merely a month after the 
re-establishment of diplomatic relations,  the newly opened US Embassy in Baghdad 
began supplying the Iraqi armed forces with  much-needed military intelligence. At the 
same time, Washington nearly doubled its  credits for food products and agricultural 
equipment from $345 million in 1984 to  $675 million in 1985; in late 1987 Iraq 
was promised $1 billion credit for the   fiscal year 1988, the largest such credit 
given to any single country in the world.” - Efraim Karsh “The Iran-Iraq War 1980-1988” Under the Reagan and Bush Senior administration 
the United States supported Saddam Hussein in   the Iran-Iraq war extensively. Apart from 
financial support the U.S. permitted the   sale of American-made arms to Baghdad and, as 
was later uncovered in Foreign Policy magazine,   gave Iraq intelligence on Iranian troop 
movements fully aware that they would use   chemical weapons. Although it wasn’t just the 
US that supported Iraq in this conflict but   basically the entire West plus the Soviet 
Union. The arguably most heinous chapter   in this US-Iraq alliance began when Saddam 
Hussein ordered the chemical attack on a   Kurdish village killing up to 5000 people 
and injuring many more in 1988. I’m gonna   cite a small paragraph from a piece in the New 
York Times regarding the U.S. response to this: “Analysis of thousands of captured 
Iraqi secret police documents and   declassified U.S. government documents, as well 
as interviews with scores of Kurdish survivors,   senior Iraqi defectors and retired U.S. 
intelligence officers, show (1) that Iraq   carried out the attack on Halabja, and (2) that 
the United States, fully aware it was Iraq,   accused Iran, Iraq's enemy in a fierce war, of 
being partly responsible for the attack. The   State Department instructed its diplomats 
to say that Iran was partly to blame.” -   https://www.nytimes.com/2003/01/17/opinion/IHT-halabja-america-didnt-seem-to-mind-poison-gas.html And naturally the Reagan and Bush senior 
administration killed any attempt to   sanction Iraq over its use of chemical weapons.
Now why am I bringing all this up. Its not to   make a point about hypocrisy or the like. 
I get that it might come off as me saying   oh Saddam was bad but the U.S. was just 
as bad, thats not what I’m saying at all. But, digging deeper into the relationship the 
U.S. had with Saddam Hussein, it shows that   the rationale governments have, especially 
one’s as powerful as the United States are   much more multi-facetted than Andrew Roberts 
pretends they are. Because how does all of   this make sense? The United States supporting 
a brutal dictator that uses Chemical weapons on   civilians. Why did the United States side with 
the aggressor in the first gulf war and not   the second? In Andrew Roberts world it doesn’t 
make sense. Because that would mean an english   speaking country is doing something heinous.
To quickly give you a frame to understand this   behavior, I’m gonna read to you three central 
goals the U.S. had for the region as defined by   the military high command in 1978 and cited 
in Michael Palmers “Guardians of the Gulf”. 1. Ensure continuous access to oil resources.
2. Prevent a hostile power or a combination   of powers from establishing hegemony.
3. To ensure the survival of Israel   as an independent state in a stable 
relationship with its Arab neighbors. Now the carrying pillar of these goals 
had been Iran under the Pahlavi dynasty   until the Islamic Revolution in 1979. 
When Saddam Hussein then attacked Iran,   believing it to be weaker than it actually was, 
there was a real risk of him losing that war.   And keeping the just mentioned goals in mind, that 
was something the United States wanted to prevent   at all costs. That Saddam Hussein was a brutal 
dictator that used Chemical Weapons on civilians,   including tying them up and spraying 
them with Anthrax to see what happens,   did not trump this strategic interest. So 
much so that in 1987, the United States,   de-facto entered the conflict on the side of Iraq, 
by allowing Iraqi ships to sail under the American   flag and be escorted by the U.S. navy. This 
section of the video also sees Andrew Roberts   deploy a rhetorical trick that will pay off later 
in that he uses the term WMD, when he talks about   “chemical weapons” and we’ll get to that later.
The next thing our narrator brings up is Iraq’s   invasion of Kuwait, which I don’t have that 
much to say on except for the fact that,   if the United States really wanted to prevent 
this war, it could have. But it was to busy   trying to cozy up to Saddam Hussein. Here is 
an excerpt from a 1990 New York Times article   titled “CONFRONTTATION IN THE GULF; U.S. Gave 
Iraq Little Reason Not to Mount Kuwait Assault” “In a meeting with Mr. Hussein in Baghdad 
on July 25, eight days before the invasion,   Ms. Glaspie (thats April 
Glaspie US ambassador to Iraq)   urged the Iraqi leader to settle his 
differences with Kuwait peacefully but added,   ''We have no opinion on the Arab-Arab conflicts, 
like your border disagreement with Kuwait,''   according to an Iraqi document described 
as a transcript of their conversation.” https://www.nytimes.com/1990/09/23/world/confrontation-in-the-gulf-us-gave-iraq-little-reason-not-to-mount-kuwait-assault.html But that just as a side note, lets get into 
the Weapons of Mass Destruction shall we? <CLIP> Here the narrative of our friend Andrew Roberts 
gets a little bit shaky because if this was true,   if Saddam Hussein had this irrational 
belief that he could beat the United   States with the usage of weapons of mass 
destruction, why didn’t he use them,   when fighting the U.S. in the second gulf war? 
Or even after? Why not attack Kuwait again,   or Israel or U.S. ships in the persian gulf? 
Because this simply isn’t true. Of course its   tough to argue against what is in someones head 
but from Saddam Husseins debriefing after his   capture we know that he left the existence 
of WMDs in the early nintees ambivalent,   to deter Iran and the U.S. from invading. Right 
up until the early 2000s, when Saddam denied Iraq   had WMD and invited UN weapons inspectors 
back to search every inch of the country. For Andrew to force this narrative through of 
Saddams dangerous weapons of mass destruction,   he has to treat the time from the invasion of 
Kuwait, to the invasion of Iraq as one single   block culminating in the straight up lie, 
that no other country doubted the existence   of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. And I 
get that sometimes you want to adhere to the   rule of three, but why would you cite Russia, 
and above all Germany as a country supportive   of the U.S.s claims on Saddams WMDs, probably 
the country next to France that was famously   skeptical and against an invasion of Iraq.
So much so that Germany’s foreign minister   at the time, created a minor diplomatic crisis 
between us and the U.S. when he publicly said “My generation learned you must make a case, and 
excuse me, I am not convinced. That is my problem   and I cannot go to the public and say, ‘these are 
the reasons’ because I don’t believe in them”. Because what Andrew Roberts mixes up here to dupe 
his audience is the idea of Iraq having chemical   weapons (like cannisters of mustard gas left-over 
from the Iran Iraq war) and Iraq having weapons of   mass destruction in the early 2000s that would 
warrant international action. These are two,   very different things you know. I also don’t 
know where Andrew Roberts gets the confidence   to just say this stuff on the record in a 
world where you can simply google a claim   like that. In regards to Russia not having 
quote “any doubt” about Iraqi WMD here is a   story in the Guardian from late 2002 titled 
“Putin demands proof over Iraqi weapons”. Quoted directly from Putin here: "Russia does not have in its possession 
any trustworthy data that supports the   existence of nuclear weapons or any weapons 
of mass destruction in Iraq and we have not   received any such information from 
our partners as yet. This fact has   also been supported by the information 
sent by the CIA to the US Congress." As for Britain. I think its safe to say that 
the Blair government would’ve gone along   with anything the United States claimed 
at the time. From the Chilcot report,   which was a public inquiry into 
the UK’s role in the Iraq war,   we know that while British intelligence called 
the intelligence on Iraqs WMD program quote   “sporadic and patchy”, Tony Blair was 
already telling parliament that quote “he is developing weapons of mass 
destruction, and we cannot leave him   doing so unchecked. He is a threat to 
his own people and to the region and,   if allowed to develop these 
weapons, a threat to us also." So much for that. Lets move on to 
talking about U.N. weapons inspectors: <CLIP> Now with this clip in particular, you might 
wonder, why would Andrew Roberts only cite   U.N. resolutions from 1990 to 1999 if the invasion 
happened in 2003. Because he leaves out the by far   most important one. During the nintees, UN weapons 
inspectors were frequently in and out of Iraq.   Sometimes they found stuff like old canisters 
that had contained poisoned gas, then they   were kicked out again and invited back in. But, 
crucially, when the UN security council passed   resolution 1441, curiously not included by Andrew 
Roberts, by all accounts, Iraq did invite weapons   inspectors back into the country and handed 
over documents regarding their former WMD stock. Now the people who lead the UN investigation   starting in November 2002 were 
two men by the name of Hans Blix,   and Mohamed El Baradei who has the head of the 
International Atomic Energy Agency or IAEA. In Hans Blix report to the UN security 
council in February 2003, he said that But also that the inspectors needed more 
time to investigate and determine if Iraq was   fully in compliant with UN resolution 1441.
Mohamed El-Baradei went a bit further and   stated that the aluminum tubes the US had alleged 
were intended for centrifuges to enrich Uranium,   were impossible to use for that purpose, 
that the supposed contract between Iraq and   Niger over the acquisition of Yellow Cake 
uranium had been a forgery and that there   was no evidence to support the claim of Iraq 
currently having a nuclear weapons program. But the existence of WMD didn’t matter 
at that point.. The Bush administration   had made up its mind on this, which 
is why the invasion happened anyway. Next clip, this is a short one. <CLIP> This is probably the most illustrating clip from 
this video. Its honestly amazing. I’m gonna play   that clip again and see if you can catch any 
contradictions in what Andrew Roberts is saying <CLIP> Now there is the obvious one that Iraq 
could not have supplied terrorists with WMD,   because they didn’t have any but get this. First 
he claims that Saddam was never blamed for 9/11,   which is an obvious lie and then makes the 
same hazy type of connection between Saddam,   9/11 and terrorists that the Bush administration 
made. Its downright amazing how he doesn’t even   pause between those two sentences. And just for 
the record. Before Saddam was deposed, there is,   to this day, not a single instance 
found of the Iraqi state sponsoring   an act of terrorism against the U.S. Not one.
While it is true that the Bush administration   never came out explicitly, connecting 
the dots between 9/11 and Saddam Hussein,   the constant allusions to Iraq with the 
terms terror, terrorists and al Qaeda made   them spelling it out wholly unnecessary. 
Let me give you an example of what I mean. Here is an excerp from George 
W. Bushs union address of 2003. “Before September the 11, many in the 
world believed that Saddam Hussein could   be contained. But chemical agents, lethal 
viruses and shadowy terrorist networks are   not easily contained. Imagine those 19 
hijackers with other weapons and other   plans- this time armed by Saddam Hussein. 
It would take one vial, one canister,   one crate slipped into this country to 
bring a day of horror like none we have   ever known. We will do everything in our 
power to make sure that day never comes.” See the connection that is made there? One 
of the reasons, if not the biggest reason the   majority of Americans were sold on the Iraq 
war, was the Bushs administrations framing   of the invasion being an extension of the war 
on terror after 9/11. There are still articles   online from the early 2000s connecting Saddam 
not just to 9/11 but the Oklahoma city bombing.  This was shoved onto the American public 
nonstop. Be it in speeches by the president,   articles in papers like the weekly standard 
or claims like when Dick Cheney alleged that   Mohamed Atta had met an Iraqi official 
prior to 9/11 in Prague. Also something   that Czech intelligence and police said was 
bs, Bush administration didn’t care. To quote   the New York Times reporter assigned to the 
intelligence community at the time James Risen: “I met with a bunch of top government 
and intelligence officials in Prague,   and they were all laughing that 
the U.S. had taken this seriously.” There were so many references or allusions 
to Saddam being in cahoots with Al Qaeda   made by the U.S. government that there 
is a whole wikipedia article titled   “Saddam-al-Qaeda conspiracy theory”. So yes,   Saddam was blamed for 9/11 as a tool to get the 
public onboard with an unnecessary, illegal war. Now we don’t have to fully watch the 
last section of this PragerU video,   I can summarize it for you here. Andrew 
Roberts claims that if Saddam Hussein had   just complied with numerous U.N. resolutions 
the United States would not have invaded,   something obviously not true considering that 
Iraq did comply with the last chance it was   given in resolution 1441 and the weapons 
inspectors publicly speaking out against   an invasion. This was actually quite the 
annoyance for the Bush administration and   the neoconservative hawks around the president 
because the only reason they had pushed for a   U.N. investigation was that they expected Saddam 
not to comply, thereby creating a pretext for   invasion. And there is a little side-show to 
all of this that shows this pretty clearly. If you remember the UN head investigator 
by the name of Hans Blix. Paul Wolfowitz,   serving as the deputy defense minister asked 
the CIA in 2002 to dig up dirt on this guy to   discredit his findings in Iraq. Why would he 
do this if its all about the threat of WMDs   like Andrew Roberts says? Again it doesn’t. 
All this stuff that Andrew Roberts cherry   picks or leaves out. The threat of weapons of mass 
destruction, the Al-Qaeda connection that wasn’t   there or the supposed aim to bring democracy to 
the middle east only served and still serves as   an obfuscation of the obvious reason behind 
the invasion. You can focus in on hawks like   Wolfowitz who had their sights set for Saddam 
even before 9/11 but above all else its this: Under the trauma and humiliation of the 9/11 
terrorist attacks, the Bush administration in   a mixture of alarmism and self-deceit 
was desperate for an act of imperial   self-affirmation. Saddam Hussein and his Iraq 
just were in the unfortunate position of being   a loose end after the second gulf war. Ultimately 
the Bush administration decided to invade Iraq,   because it wanted to. Andrew Roberts ends his 
video by claiming that the Bush administration   did not lie the public into the Iraq war, 
because they everyone knew Saddam had weapons   of mass destruction, since he had used them in 
the Iran Iraq war. Conveniently leaving out that   the threat signaled to the American public at 
the time, above all else was a nuclear one. As   National Security adviser Condolica Rice put it 
at the time “we don’t want the smoking gun to be   a mushroom cloud”. A sentence that was workshopped 
and brought into existence by a workgroup called   “White House Iraq Group” that was tasked with 
disseminating information to support the invasion. I wanna talk a bit more about why the invasion 
of Iraq happened when we get to the end. For now,   Andrew Roberts pretending the Bush 
administration actually had good   reason to believe in the existence of WMD 
in Iraq provides a next segway into our   second video of the day.This one is titled
“Did Bush Lie About Iraq” and boy did I   comically spit out my coffee when 
I saw who they got for this one. <CLIP> Now if you are unaware who Judith Miller is, she 
was a reporter for the New York Times and tasked   with covering Iraq’s supposed weapons of mass 
destruction, prior to the invasion. Later it   turned out that a lot of the claims in her stories 
weren’t actually true and these days Judith Miller   gets her paychecks from Fox News and other right 
wing outlets, because they’ll apparently take   anyone claiming to be a free speech advocat. When 
Judith Miller says “I took the United States to   war with Iraq, it was all me” that is obviously 
not true but its sorta like when you’re arguing   with a child and at some point the kid says “I 
guess everyone just hates me here” or something   like that. It’s something that’s obviously not 
true but serves as a cry for sympathy. Anyway,  I’m very happy PragerU released this video 
because it allows me to shine a light on the   whole media dimension of the Iraq war where 
Newspapers like the New York Times or the   Washington post were instrumental in shaping 
the public opinion in favor of invasion. The   gist of Judith Millers argument in this 
video is that there was no malice going   on behalf of herself, the main stream 
media or even the Bush administration.   No you see the intelligence community 
merely got it wrong. Lets listen in: <CLIP> To answer the question of wether “bad 
intelligence” was what made the Bush   administration invade Iraq we have to disaggregate 
some stuff because the answer is Yes and No. It is true that the Bush administration flaunted 
bad intelligence to make their case of the   invasion, but how that bad intelligence 
came into being is a different story.  Prior to the invasion, we now know that the 
CIA was very much split on the stuff the Bush   administration was claiming. A good example 
is the earlier mentioned meeting in Prague   between Mohammad Atta and an Iraqi official. A 
meeting that didn’t happen. Now in this case,   CIA employees were tasked to asses the 
meeting and write a report on it. They   collected a bunch of intelligence from 
foreign sources and the FBI that cast   strong doubt on the supposed encounter 
in Prague. This paper was then handed to   officials in the Bush administration and 
lets read about what happened after that. This is taken from from Robert Drapers 
fantastic book, “To Start a War”. “Were they [CIA] wrong now about Atta? Cheney 
obviously thought so: on December 9, 2001,   he told Tim Russert on Meet the Press that Atta’s 
meeting in Prague was “pretty well established,” a   month after the CIA paper had strongly suggested 
otherwise. The larger question was whether,   the Atta meeting aside, there existed a meaningful 
connection between Saddam’s regime and Al Qaeda.   Tenet’s (thats George Tenet, director of the 
CIA) building insisted that there was not. They   suspected that Cheney, Wolfowitz, and other hawks 
in the Bush administration were simply using 9/11   as an opportunity to settle unfinished business 
with Saddam. The analysts were being used,   one of them would say, “like a drunk uses a 
lamppost: more for support than for illumination.” That is not to say that this was always the 
case. But frequently when for an example   an Iraqi defector would make claims 
about weapons of mass desctruction,   analysts within the agency would cast doubt 
upon this, to the great frustration of the   Bush administration and CIA leadership. 
So what do you do when you really wanna   convince everyone that Iraq has wmds 
but some CIA analysts get in the way. You make stuff up. Not the intelligence itself, 
crucially but the analysis of it. In September   2002, Paul Wolfowitz created the Office of 
Special Plans. The job of the OSP officially,   was to second-guess the findings of the 
CIA, like there not being a link between   Saddam and Al-Qaeda but in reality the OSP 
existed to discard any kind of professional   analysis and sift through raw intelligence 
to find something to support an invasion. And while were on the topic of “bad 
intelligence”, here is what a former CIA   officer had to say about the Office for Special 
Plans in an interview for the Sunday Herald: He described the OSP as quote “dangerous for US 
national security and a threat to world peace.   [The OSP] lied and manipulated intelligence 
to further its agenda of removing Saddam.   It's a group of ideologues with pre-determined 
notions of truth and reality. They take bits of   intelligence to support their agenda and ignore 
anything contrary. They should be eliminated.” In presenting this graphic, Judith Miller casts 
herself, the media and the Bush administration   as mere victims of bad intelligence. You can 
see that there is no Arrow between Media and   the White House when there really should be. 
Because if we dig into how this intelligence   landed on the desk of Judith Miller, it lays 
bare the entanglements between Media and the   Bush administration that ultimately served the 
those wishing to invade. I don’t want to get to   granular on this but basically, the work of the 
OSP often consisted of seeking out defectors or   supposed insiders willing to confirm the existence 
of Iraqs weapons programs. They found what they   were looking for in a guy called Ahmed Chalaby 
and the Iraqi National Congress which was an   umbrella opposition group to Saddam that, of 
course, was funded by the United States. Here   is what Seymour Hersh wrote about the 
INC in an article for the New Yorker: “There was another level to Chalabi’s 
relationship with the United States:   in the mid-nineteen-nineties, the C.I.A. was 
secretly funnelling millions of dollars annually   to the I.N.C. Those payments ended around 1996, a 
former C.I.A. Middle East station chief told me,   essentially because the agency had doubts 
about Chalabi’s integrity. (…) “You had   to treat them with suspicion,” another 
former Middle East station chief said of   Chalabi’s people. “The I.N.C. has a track 
record of manipulating information because   it has an agenda. It’s a political 
unit—not an intelligence agency.” Now the CIA, the guys Judith Miller blames 
for the bad intelligence knew that the INC   was not reliable but that did not matter 
to the Bush administration since they were   willing to take anyone who supported 
their claims. And here is where we get   back to Judith Millers role in all of this. 
In an internal email she would later say of   Ahmed Chalabi “He has provided most of the 
front page exclusives on WMD to our paper.” This relationship between the mainstream 
media, Judith Miller specifically and   cherry picked intelligence culminated in maybe 
her most famous story for the New York Times.  On September 8, 2002 the New York Times published 
a piece written by Judith Miller and Howard Gordon   titled “US Says Hussein Intensifies Quest for 
A-Bomb Parts”. Front page of the newspaper,   right next to an image reminding the readership 
of 9/11. This story cited quote “senior   administration officials” and talked about the 
aluminum tubes that Iraq was supposedly going   to use to enrich Uranium. Now going back to this 
little image that accompanies Millers monologue,   it is true that the initial tip about 
the aluminum tubes came from one person,   in the intelligence community. Now Miller and her 
co-author could have digged into what analysts   were saying about the usage of the aluminum 
tubes at which point she would’ve found out   that there was at least, disagreement about how 
they could be used. Instead, Miller contacted   someone on the National Security Council, which 
is to say the U.S. government to confirm the tip.   That person that went to his boss, which was 
Condolica Rice who confirmed the story and the   New York Times ran with it. What happened next 
was quite remarkable because the very next day,   Dick Cheney, Colin Powell, Donald Rumsfeld and 
Condoleezza Rice would all go onto Sunday morning   talk shows talking about Iraq wanting to acquire 
nuclear weapons, citing the New York Times story. How do you as a reporter not realize at that 
point that you’ve been totally fucked over? But to be fair to Judith Miller, in 
the wake of this becoming public,   she was somewhat used as the sacrificial lamb at 
the New York Times because what had led to this   situation was much more structual. There were 
reporters at the newspaper that wrote about   how what the White House said did not add up or 
that there was strong disagreement over Iraqs   supposed WMDs in the intelligence community. 
But those stories did not make the front page,   if they were even published at all. 
Here is how Robert Draper describes it: “The aluminum tubes story had been rushed; 
its authors were completely unaware at the   time of the heated debate within the intelligence 
community about whether the tubes were intended   for centrifuges or rocket launchers. But the 
Times’s determination to find ammunition to   support Bush and Cheney’s WMD assertions caused 
the editors to overlook the strong possibility   that the administration was using threadbare 
evidence to build a case for war in major media   outlets. (…) As a result, the Sunday-show 
echo chamber of that morning’s front-page   Times story fulfilled the prophecy of 
the previous morning’s lead article.” (…) To a large extent, what had 
transpired at the CIA after 9/11 was   also taking place at the Times and other 
news organizations. Assuming the worst,   leaning into the powers of the imagination 
and away from evidence-based reason, counted   perversely as the most welcome news of the day. 
Doubt was not banned. It was simply back-paged. Again, I have no intention of defending 
Judith Miller or the CIA for that matter.   And it would be easy for Miller to just come 
out and say, I didn’t do my due dilligence as   a reporter and ended up doing the dirty work 
for the Bush administration that desperately   wanted to invade Iraq, regardless of the 
existence of WMDs. But Judith Miller can’t   do that because its conservatives that 
sign some of her paychecks now. So she   has to do this dance about how the intelligence 
community tricked everyone. When in reality,   making the case against WMDs or writing about 
how experts in the field strongly disagreed   with the Bush administrations assessment on the 
aluminium tubes for instance, would simply not   have been in her interest, on in the interest of 
her career. Now Miller is not done with us in this   video and brings up a couple of evidence points 
to support her claims so far. Lets have a look. <CLIP> What Miller says here about congress 
investigating intelligence on Iraq   isn’t necessarily untrue, but as she did 
with her stories in the New York Times,   she chooses not to include information 
that goes against her preconceived notion. The 2004 select committee on Intelligence and the 
2005 Senate Report on Iraqi WMD Intelligence both   came down hard on the intelligence community, as 
they should. They are not innocent in all of this   after all. BUT you might be able to guess the main 
problem with these two bodies. The key giveaway   here are the years 2004 and 2005, when George Bush 
still was president. The Commission that Miller   cites first was set up and staffed via executive 
order by George Bush himself. And naturally,   this commission merely was supposed to look into 
the intelligence NOT into how that intelligence   was used by the Bush administration. If you read 
the Robb-Silverman Report the authors point out   numerous times that intelligence on Iraqs WMDs was 
bad, but that they aren’t allowed to inquiry on   how policy makers utilized the bad intelligence 
or even into the activities of the Office for   Special Plans. Same goes for the Senate Report on 
Iraqi WMD intelligence. That said, for the Senate   Report, there was actually a so-called “Phase 
Two” that was specifically going to look into   how Iraqi WMD intelligence was used by senior 
policy makers. After 5 years of investigation,   Phase two of the Senate Report released in 
2008 and stated among other things, that quote: “The president and his advisers undertook a 
relentless public campaign in the aftermath   of the attacks to use the war against Al 
Qaeda as a justification for overthrowing   Saddam Hussein.” Further it says about 
George Bush and Dick Cheney linking   Saddam and Al-Qeada in speeches that 
“Representing to the American people   that the two had an operational partnership 
and posed a single, indistinguishable threat   was fundamentally misleading and led 
the nation to war on false premises.” Now this senate report was still pretty mild and 
while acknowledging that the Bush administration   had knowingly misled the American public, it 
doesn’t fully go into the scale of the deception   and proposes no follow-up investigation 
or sanctions against Bush and his cronies. Still, the question remains, why did Judith 
Miller only cite one half of the Senate Report   on Iraqs WMD intelligence? There is no way 
she is not aware that this report exists,   so why not include it here? Well, I know why 
but we’ll talk about it when Miller is done. <CLIP> Judith Miller is correct when she says George 
W. Bush was not strong armed into invading   Iraq by a neo-conservative cabal. He wanted 
to invade, from what we know now since the   Summer and 2002 and only surrounded himself 
with people who agreed with him on the need   for military action. And I’m quote hostile to 
the idea that George Bush was this puppet on   a string also because it absolves him, the 
person that ultimately decided to invade of   his responsibility for the utter destruction of 
a country. As much as it pains me to say this,   I also have to agree with Judith Miller 
on the reason for the invasion not being   Iraqs oil reserves. That was just the 
“cherry on top” if you will. Ultimately,   Iraqs oil and the hollowing out of the Iraqi 
state where things that were nice to have for   the Bush administration. The people in the White 
House and the people they rubbed elbows with could   rest assured that even if the invasion went badly 
or there was continued instability, they would   still end up richer. Here is how Stephen Kinzer 
describes this dynamic in his book “Overthrow”: “Giant American corporations stood to make huge 
profits from this war and its aftermath. Among the   greatest beneficiaries was Halliburton, the oil 
and infrastructure company that Cheney formerly   headed, which was awarded billions of dollars 
in no-bid contracts for projects ranging from   rebuilding Iraq's oil refineries to constructing 
jails for war prisoners. Two other behemoths tied   closely to the Republican Party, Bechtel and 
the Carlyle Group, also profited handsomely.   So did American companies that make missiles, 
combat jets, and other weapons of war, especially   the three biggest, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, 
and McDonnell-Douglas-which among them were   awarded $41 billion in Pentagon contracts in 2002 
alone. These companies were major contributors to   Bush's presidential campaigns, and he named their 
senior officers to key positions in the Pentagon   and elsewhere. In these men's minds, corporate 
interest and national interest meshed perfectly.” After all the omissions and half-truths, 
Judith Miller decides to end her video   on a straight up lie in once again 
bringing up foreign intelligence. <CLIP> Here I wanna talk about French and German 
intelligence specifically because this really   shows above all, how the Bush administration and 
CIA officials really did not care if intelligence   was reliable but whether it supported 
what the Bush administration was claiming. The first showcase for this surrounds a man with 
the codename “Curveball”. Curveball was an Iraqi   emigre that had made his way to Germany in hope 
of asylum. In return, he offered information about   mobile weapons labs in Iraq. German intelligence, 
the Bundesnachrichtendienst or BND, informed the   CIA and DIA, thats defense intelligence agency 
of this development and they reacted like this: “They were ecstatic. Here was the answer to 
the question Why can’t our satellite imagery   locate any biological weapons facilities? The 
facilities were on wheels! Clinton’s national   security adviser, Sandy Berger, pronounced 
Curveball’s revelations a “gold standard” in   Iraq intelligence gathering. Following 
Berger’s anointment, the DIA hosted an   inter-agency meeting to brief other analysts on 
this remarkable discovery.“The DIA guy who was   running the meeting was so thrilled,” recalled a 
CIA Iraq analyst who attended the meeting. “We’d   been years without any reporting on WMD in Iraq. 
Now we finally have something new to chew on.” So the very excited Americans, finally able to 
get their hands on some solid intelligence about   Iraqs WMD asks the German BND for access to this 
man named Curveball. And the Germans said, no.   By that point they had actually vetted 
the guy and came to the conclusion   that he was full of it. Nothing he 
said was not publicly known due to   the UN investigations and when the BND 
tried to coroberate Curveballs claims,   they did not find anything or anyone supporting 
them and on September 8th, 2001 they terminated   him as a source. So the Germans tell the 
Americans that nothing that Curveball said   could be verified and that his testimony is 
highly suspect. Here is what happened after: “But WINPAC’s (that is these Weapons Intelligence, 
Proliferation and Arms Control center at the CIA)   BW team (…) refused to let go of Curveball. 
His descriptions of places and procedures   made perfect sense. They tracked with what 
the UN inspectors had conjectured in their   final report—almost as if Curveball had read the 
open-source UNSCOM documents on the internet,   as anyone could do if they wanted to tell 
intelligence officials exactly what they wished   to hear. In October 2001 alone—meaning 
after the Germans had cut him loose,   but also after 9/11 and the outbreak of 
anthrax, when the Bush White House was   overcome with anxiety about the “second wave” of 
terror attacks—the U.S. intelligence community   disseminated no fewer than twenty-eight 
Information Intelligence Reports,   based on Curveball’s earlier claims. Not one 
of them warned that the only agency to conduct   extensive interviews with him had already 
decided that he was not a reliable source.” This guy Curveball, that the Americans never 
even talked to before the war remained the  only source for the Bush administrations claims 
about mobile weapons labs that we saw Collin   Powell repeat at the UN prior to the invasion. And 
this is really the final nail in the coffin for   the claim that anyone in the Bush administration 
was “duped” by bad intelligence. When Colin Powell   first received the collection of evidence 
that he was to craft his UN speech out of,   he reportedly became so angry that he threw the 
manuscript into the air and shouted “I’m not   reading this. This is bullshit.” And it was. And 
then he went in front of world and tried to sell   it anyway. Be that as it may, again, I have no 
idea why Judith Miller even brings up Germany,   France and Russia specifically. Its such an 
self-own when it would be much easier to just   gesture at the international community 
being in broad agreement or something.  With the case of French intelligence, her error 
becomes even more obvious. And this is in relation   to the claim by the Bush administration that 
Saddam Hussein had bought Yellow Cake Uranium   from Niger. Now prior to the invasion of Iraq, 
French intelligence repeatedly told the CIA,   that a purchase like this having occured was next 
to impossible. And they knew this because Niger   only had two Uranium mines, both of which were 
operated by French companies and one of them had   already been closed off and filled with rubble. 
So for this transfer of Uranium to have happened,   someone had to smuggle out several truckloads of 
this stuff out of the mine, without the French   noticing, and then smuggled this truck 
convoy thousands of miles through several   countries all the way from Niger, to Iraq.
Again, just like with Curveball, the Bush   administration or the agencies working for them 
were told this was not true, didn’t matter. Ultimately Judith Miller does not provide 
any new insight that would suggest George   W. Bush or his administration did not lie the 
American Public into a war. But besides that,   this question on wether Bush lied misses the point 
a little bit. What we know to be true is that the   Bush administration used a bunch of information 
to push America into a war with Iraq and they   clearly did not care wether that information was 
true. In fact they actively disregarded evidence   that didn’t support their agenda in favor of 
shaky evidence that did. Wether they actually   believed in the false information they touted to 
the public is purely academic question. If there   was any justice in the world, they would never 
leave the inside of a prison cell, regardless. The much more interesting question Judith Millers 
video poses is, why does she leave so much out?   Why does she not talk about the disagreements 
inside the intelligence community that other   reporters wrote about at the time? Why does she 
not mention her source being propped up by the US   government or the Senate Report that goes against 
what she is saying. The answer to that question,   is the same answer of why she got her 
stories on Iraqs WMDs so wrong in the   first place. Because its not beneficial to her 
career. And it seems like she hasn’t learned   a single thing from her culpability in death 
of hundreds of thousands of innocent people. <SIGH> Now there is one more video by PragerU about 
the Iraq war titled “How the Iraq War was won   and Lost”. I don’t think we need to go over 
this in detail but I’ll give you the gist of   it just so we have all of our bases covered. The 
argument laid out by the narrator in this video is   basically an exact copy of another PragerU video 
titled “The Truth about the Vietnam War”. Both   videos paint a picture of a victorious United 
States in the Iraq slash Vietnam war that has   its enemies on the ropes. But just before 
achieving victory, the democrats come in,   fumbling the whole thing and thats why we remember 
these two wars as utter disasters. It is coping of   the highest order. Just to go over it briefly, 
we have to skip forward a bit in the Iraq war   timeline. Okay so Judith Miller does her thing, 
the invasion happens, Saddam is captured, there   is a brief period of relative peace before the 
screw ups of the occupiers lead to the insurgency.   The Mahdi army forms under Muktadar Al-Sadr, civil 
war, ethnic cleansing. Bombs going off everywhere   all the time and then the U.S. decides to double 
down with what is known as “the surge”. In this   PragerU video, Pete Hegseth tells us that “the 
surge” meaning raising the amount of U.S. troops   in Iraq in 2007 worked gangbusters. But when Obama 
came into the white house, and withdrew from Iraq,   he threw away previous gains. Again, I don’t want 
to dig too deep into this but just know that the   reduction of violence in Iraq during the surge 
being a result of more U.S. presence is highly   contested. Violence already began to decline in 
Iraq before the surge even started in part due   to the fact that by 2007, Iraq had already 
undergone a brutal civil war that entailed   a ton of ethnic cleansing. Meaning there were 
less points of friction between Sunni and Shia   muslims in Iraq at that time. Pete Hegseth doesn’t 
really define the word success or “winning” for us   but you have to question how much of a success 
it really is when parts of the U.S. strategy   during the surge was literally just paying off 
Iraqi militants. Merely giving them money to   stop fighting. And as one would expect, when the 
flow of money stopped, the violence continued. Before we depart from this video though, 
if you’re familiar with this channel for a   while you are no stranger to Pete Hegseth. The 
last time we talked about him was when he was   lobbying for the pardoning of a couple of black 
water mercenaries and convicted war criminals who   killed 14 Iraqi civilians in Baghdad. Little 
update on that story, he was succesful in   that effort. In December of 2020, shortly before 
leaving office, Donald Trump did pardon the men,   who had commited the Nisour square massacre in 
2007. So I hope Pete is proud of his legacy there. Anyway, what I want to talk about and why 
I ultimately made this video is not so much   the falsehoods and dishonest framings of these 
prageru videos but rather what they represent.   I doubt a lot of people are gonna watch these and 
come away convinced that the invasion of Iraq was   a good idea. That is a claim that is just too 
far out there, even for the modern far-right.  But they might come away from 
these video feeling confirmed   in a set of unsaid, underlying assumptions. In the instance of Pete Hegseth explaining 
how the surge supposedly worked, that video   exists to give off the illusion 
of control. The illusion that yes,   military force is actually able to solve these 
issues around the world, if you just commit and   don’t care about what the people in Iraq, 
or the people in the United States think.  And not only is that a myth, but one completely 
disproven by the experience of Iraq, Afghanistan   or Vietnam. All wars in which the most powerful 
country in the history of the world gave it their   all but was forced to accept the limits of what it 
could achieve. But if you accept that historical   understanding of these conflicts, you might 
be skeptical the next time a president or Fox   News anchor suggests the use of military force 
abroad and we cant have that a pragerU can we? So that is one assumption. The other assumption, 
one shared by the video of Andrew Roberts and   Judith Miller is arguably much more destructive. 
When Andrew Neil conviently mixxes up different   forms of WMD or Judith Miller lies about the 
validity of existing intelligence, they sell the   assumption that we, western nations and the U.S., 
we always start from scratch. We came at this,   as we always do, with the best of intentions. 
That is what makes us different from the bad   countries that start pointless wars without 
good intentions you see. This is why Andrew   Roberts can so flawlessly condemn Iraqs attack on 
Iran and Kuwait while at the same time endorsing   the decision of the Bush administration to go 
into a country, thousands of miles away and   destroy it, for no reason at all. When it comes 
to these other wars it seems easy to understand   that most of time, the reason why one country 
invades another is pretty simple. The stronger   wants something the weaker one has. But when 
it comes to a war like a Iraq, a war started   by the U.S. and its allies, there are all these 
other reasons obfuscating the obvious fact that   the United States, like every great power 
in every age, acts within its own commercial   self-interest. And this obfuscation to keep 
up the illusion of us being endowed with an   inherit virtue over the others only lays the 
ground work for the next pointless invasion.  And this belief is also the reason why, forget 
any legal consequences, there arent even any real   social consequences for the people that started 
a war that killed around six-hundred thousand   Iraqis. Six hundred thousand. But you know, we 
had the best intentions so, nothing we can do   really. No need for introspection. Now you might 
say, well, maybe the U.S. and allies didn’t have   the best intentions but they surely didn’t intend 
the enormous amount of suffering that followed.   They didn’t intend for there to be a insurgency 
and civil war. Six hundred thousand dead and   millions displaced was not the intention. And 
to borrow a metaphor from Sam Seder, that is   about as meaningful as someone saying they merely 
made the decision to let go of a glass of water,   without the intention of it dropping to the floor. 
Apart from that, when you look at the Iraq war and   the things that define it and that remain. The 
abhu graib torture scandal, the use of chemical   weapons by the U.S. like white phospereus. The 
use of ammunition containing depleted uranium   that will continue to cause birth defects in Iraq 
for generations. These things are intentional when   they happen. There might be an admittance of 
wrongdoing after the fact but in the moment,   its not an accident. And that cuts into the true 
aim of these videos. Not to necessarily convince   you that Saddam had dangerous weapons of mass 
destruction but to make you accept an unnecessary   war that killed over half a million people 
as a mistake and not a century defining crime So that was my video on the Iraq war. Glad to 
have that outta my system. I’m not really sure   what to put here now. Usually this is when the 
credits run by with all the names of my Patrons   but I haven’t had that as a reward for a while 
now since I was mostly doing the podcast. And   I wouldn’t want to put someones name here that 
didn’t consent to that. Anyway, not much left to   say. I wholeheartedly recommend the book “To Start 
a War: How the Bush administration took America   Into Iraq” by Robert Draper. Also for my German 
speaking audience “Geschichte des Irakkriegs:   Der Sturz Saddams und Amerikas Albtraum im 
Mittleren Osten by Stephan Bierling. There is also   the downright amazing podcast Blowback if you’re 
looking for something more digest-able. Other than   that. All the love to my Patrons that fund this 
content. It means the world to me. If you are   interested in becoming a Patron you can find the 
link in the description. In return you get a bunch   of Patron-only podcast episodes. You can also 
join the Discord, which is great fun. Right now   we are watching the series Babylon Berlin over 
there which pairs nicely with the Fight for the   Republic podcast series I’m also doing. Yeah. I 
think thats it. You can follow me on Instagram or   on Twitter if that continues to exists. Who knows. 
Apart from that, take care and have a good one.