So, something kind of weird happened to me the other day, and I'm going to need your help hiding the evidence. I was sitting down with my pint of rum to watch the latest episode of A Night of the Seven Kingdoms when I was hit by this weird realization. I'm actually looking forward to this. I'm watching a modern fantasy show about a likable, good-natured protagonist on a simple but genuine quest to make something of himself and become a better person, balanced out by a funny and endearing sidekick who seems to want to help him and a bunch of colorful, interesting characters they run into along the way. It's not some labyrinth themed political epic with about 500 POV characters where you need flowcharts and relationship diagrams just to remember who the [ __ ] everyone is. It's not some relentlessly grim, somber, pretentious tale of war in factions that moves about as fast as a morbidly obese glacier where every scene is just miserable people skullking around in dark rooms looking pissed off about something. And it's not some laughable DEI instructional video where every single town and village in every part of the world contains the exact same quotota of ethnic diversity. So there's absolutely no sense of place or culture anywhere. and where 100 lb teenage girls can somehow beat the [ __ ] out of men twice their size and weight. But more than any of that, it's a show that feels weirdly optimistic. I mean, it's not to say that everything and everyone in it is good and virtuous, or that nothing bad ever happens to our heroes, but there's an underlying feeling that the show actually has a moral compass, that it knows the difference between good and evil, between hero and villain, and it's not ashamed or self-conscious about any of that. And that's when it hit me. We really don't get shows like this anymore. I mean, think about it, right? Out of all the fantasy shows that have come and gone over the past decade, Game of Thrones, House of the Dragon, The Witcher, Wheel of Time. Look at the [ __ ] state of it, man. Willow. I'm here cuz I can't act. Neither can I. The Rings of Power. One Piece. How many of them actually managed to capture that vital spirit of adventure and excitement that you expect from the fantasy genre? The story of a fledgling hero taking his first uncertain steps into a bigger world, meeting challenges and dangers along the way, fighting and ultimately triumphing against evil forces and becoming a stronger person because of it. Not too many, I'm guessing. And be honest with yourself here, there's something deeply wrong with the fantasy genre today, isn't there? For all the smart writing that's trying so desperately hard to subvert your expectations, the self-aware characters, and the flashy special effects, there's something kind of empty and unsatisfying about modern fantasy. It just doesn't move you on that deeper emotional level. It doesn't inspire you or fire your imagination like it's supposed to. And so, I thought I might as well talk about it today. This isn't some specific review of any particular show, but it's more like a general stream of consciousness on the fantasy genre. So, if I wander all over the place and go off on mad tangents, well, I don't apologize for any of it. Anyway, let us begin this journey together, shall we? If I had to pick out patient zero for all of this current day malaise, it would have to be Game of Thrones. Now, don't get me wrong here. It was definitely a phenomenon that redefined what fantasy could be. And at its peak, it delivered some of the most shocking and unforgettable moments in television history. It was a show where plot armor seemingly didn't exist. Where no one, no matter how good or innocent, was safe. Where death came suddenly and without warning or meaning. Where heroism wasn't always rewarded. And brutality wasn't always punished. Where it didn't really matter if you were good or bad. All that mattered was how well you played the game. It took fantasy right out of its comfort zone and placed it into something far more dangerous and exciting. And it came along at just the right time where traditional clean-cut fantasy was beginning to look stale, old-fashioned, and played out, and people were hungry for something new that could shake it all up. Game of Thrones, packed as it was with swearing and violence and sex that was less about magic and dragons and more about politics and intrigue and moral complexity, felt like an act of rebellion. It was smart. It was irreverent. It was unpredictable. And it threw all the conventions of the genre aside and did its own thing, godamn it. But here's the problem. Looking back on it now, I kind of hate what it did to the genre. It was born from the idea that people are still people no matter the setting. So even if you throw them into a fantasy world of monsters and magic and ancient prophecies and all the other tropes of the genre, they're not really going to rise to the occasion. They're going to pull everything down to their base level. It wasn't about aspirations to heroism. It was about the grim reality of human nature. Every character with a hint of traditional heroic virtue gets killed off early in the show, usually achieving nothing and dying for nothing because heroism is so last season, don't you know? Prophecies about chosen ones saving the world are laughed off and ignored. Characters who do the right thing are punished for it, while selfish backstabbers and opportunists flourish. Dramatic and emotionally satisfying payoffs are sacrificed in favor of doing the unexpected, even if it made no [ __ ] sense. And what did we really end up with when all was said and done? What meaning and lessons were we ever supposed to take from Game of Thrones? That the world is a horrible, violent, and cruel place where good and evil don't exist, and all that matters is what you can take from it. That people themselves aren't really worth saving or protecting because they're all equally shitty anyway. Wow, how inspiring. morality, meaning, and purpose were all sacrificed in favor of nihilistic subversion and smug deconstruction to be the cool kid on the block for a couple of years. The problem is though, cool isn't very deep. Cool is nothing more than surface level flashiness with nothing more substantial or meaningful to back it up. These same problems of nihilism and moral greyness were carried over into House of the Dragon. And yes, I know the show still has defenders, but I'm just going to come out and say this. For all the smart writing and the excellent performances, House of the Dragon is a [ __ ] slog, man. Not only is it crushingly slow and relentlessly grim and bleak, not only does it lack even the slightest trace of levity or even good old-fashioned human warmth, but ever since Visaris died at the end of season 1, it lost the one and only character who was genuinely good and endearing. Now it's just one group of unlikable, selfish [ __ ] pitted against another group of unlikable, selfish [ __ ] I don't really care which side wins because why should I? There's nothing to root for in any of them. There's not a single character I'd aspire to or find endearing or even particularly likable. Whether it was accidental or intentional, House of the Dragon is the ultimate expression of this cold, nihilistic modern view of fantasy writing where nothing really matters, nothing's intrinsically good or evil. So, there's no reason to get invested in the struggle because it doesn't even matter which side wins. It's just the war of the roses, but with dragons awkwardly spliced into the mix. And ultimately, it leaves you with this weird, empty, unsatisfied feeling, like watching a robot painting a perfect copy of the Mona. You know, there's a lot of technical skill on display, but there's no soul or emotion behind any of it. But hey, I'm not just here to [ __ ] on George RR Martin. That being said, finish Winds of Winter, you fat lazy [ __ ] The world of Middle Earth isn't immune to this weird creeping nihilism and moral ambiguity that's infected modern fantasy either. Remember Rings of Power? Remember Galadriel, who was once written as a being of such pure goodness and compassion that mere mortals could barely even hold eye contact with her for more than a few seconds without breaking down. Remember how she got re-imagined as a brutal, bloodthirsty warlord girl boss who seems to hate everyone, willingly sacrifices her own people for the sake of petty revenge, and acts like a spoiled brat when she doesn't get her own way. >> There's a tempest in me. >> Remember how the orcs were rewritten from horrible, bloodthirsty creatures of pure evil who existed only to fight and destroy into innocent, peaceloving family men just looking for a homeland of their own. manipulated into fighting someone else's war. Remember how Sauron was turned from Middle Earth's answer to literal Satan into a sulky, emotionally incontinent incel who actually thinks he's doing the right thing and cries when he can't win Galadriel over to his sides. Well, Pepperage Farm remembers [ __ ] It's the same story with The Witcher, where everyone's now a morally gray [ __ ] There are no heroes and no real sense that anyone's ever going to rise to fill that position. And half the time you're left wondering who you're even supposed to be rooting for. I mean, personally, the only character I supported was this absolute legend, but probably not for the reasons the showrunners intended. >> Perfection. It doesn't help that the writing team were more preoccupied with turning every single female character into an invincible girl boss, who's usually gay, because of course they are, than crafting an interesting story. But then, what do you expect from modern writers? Time and time again, there's this bizarre urge in writing to reframe the moral positions of established characters and factions and blur the lines between good and evil. Why? Well, I'll tell you. Because in the minds of Hollywood writers, [ __ ] every single thing has to reflect the world we live in today, regardless of context. Because why use imagination when you can employ clumsy allegory insteads? The problem is the world we live in today is messy and complex and morally confused and filled with conflicting viewpoints and perspectives where one man's villain is another man's hero. And hear me out on this one, but isn't the whole point of fantasy to escape the world we live in today? Isn't that why the [ __ ] genre exists in the first place? Hollywood writers today don't seem to understand how to write actual heroic characters going on honest, sincere adventures anymore. And they definitely can't do it without a shield of ironic self-deprecation or sneering deconstruction in place to protect their egos from criticism. Why put your own creation out there when you can smuggly deconstruct someone else's and call it art? pretty much the only show in recent years to buck that trend has been One Piece based on a manga of all things because leave it to the Japanese to preserve the things that we've lost sight of. A show that feels like a genuine adventure in a world very different from our own centered around a likable protagonist who actually seems like a good person that isn't afraid to have genuine heroic moments that doesn't try to reframe its world as some bleak morally gray hellscape. And what was the result? It was one of the most popular Netflix shows of the entire year and it got near universal praise from the fan base. And more than that, you can just feel the difference in the experience you get from watching shows like that. The optimism, the positivity, the sense that there's a moral heart to the story that cares about more than just cheap shock value or cynical deconstruction. It's the same difference I felt watching a Night of the Seven Kingdoms compared to forcing myself through another episode of House of the Dragon. I was actually excited to be part of the adventure, interested to see where it was going next and invested in the success of characters I actually liked and cared about. Imagine that, eh? And it does make me wonder if the modern fantasy trend that started with Game of Thrones might be coming to an end now. That maybe Hollywood is finally realizing that fantasy should be an escape from the hang-ups and tedium of real life instead of a boring reflection of it. that maybe once in a while it's okay to have real heroes again. And maybe we need them now more than ever. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.