I I watched the first two seasons of this. I I didn't after the second season, I didn't even want to touch the third season, particularly when Henry Caval had already announced that he was leaving after the third season before it even came out. So to jump in to season 4 absolutely horrific. Horrific to watch. How has it been received? Well, there is something really really telling. But here, this is what initially grabbed my attention. Not not the 20% score by the audience. The first thing that grabbed me, only 20 reviewers have bothered to post a review. And this 60% when you click on to top critics dropped to 33. Chris Hemsworth's quietly ridiculous turn is nonetheless perfectly attuned to a show that harks back to the days before fantasy was cool and gets by just about on sheer silliness. Six out of 10. Clint Worththington from the roger eert.com site. Perhaps it's fitting that we only have to toss a coin to our Witcher one more uh once more after this. So, there's going to be a this because there's a fifth season. I'm pretty sure that's going to be it. Now, Lauren HR has already announced that she's going to be stepping away. She's like, "Oh, there's plenty more stories that other people could tell." Nah, no, no. This is This is dying with season five. It's It's got It's already It's already done. Your show's already done. And she knows that. That's why she's stepping away. Now, I just want to remind you, good people that when The Witcher was announced, the plan was for seven seasons. Seven. And it looks like Henry Caval's contract was he was contracted for three with potential to extend his contract going forward. He chose to exercise his leaving of the contract after season two. And you have to imagine that he probably saw the writing on the wall during filming of season 1 because one of the very first things he said after being interviewed at the end of season 1 was, "I hope they do it more like the source material." And Henry Henry speaks very respectfully in interviews. Very respectfully indeed. But you could tell, when, when when, Henry, Caval, says that even regardless of how nicely he says it, he's saying that this is [ __ ] What they're doing is not The Witcher. And of course, one of the reasons why Henry Caval took on the role was he was a huge Witcher fan and and playing Geralt was a bucket list role for him. So this was meant to be seven seasons. That was the initial plan. Have all gone after three. The show is done after five. But we all know that the season five in itself is a joke. And it probably should have been cancelled after season 3. Instead of Netflix deciding to back Henry and get a new showrunner, they decided to back Lauren Histrich. And congratulations Netflix. This is what you get. A dead show. Nick Hilton, The Independent UK. Four out of 10. No amount of imaginative sword play or innovative creature design can prevent the sense that The Witcher is now what all sword and sorcery epics fear becoming. Pure BGE. Uh, but that was a four out of 10. Adomide. Tinubu, who works for Variety, I am shocked gives it a a thumbs up. In a much sharper and less convoluted season than the previous one season 3 was [ __ ] The Witcher season 4 is action-packed and full of dazzling characters, both old and new. I want to rip the heads off every member of the rats on my own. I want to beg the bounty hunter, dude, can you give me the honor please? I will pay you so that I can cleave these heads twix their shoulders. The characters are awful. The only thing there was only one scene that I relatively liked and that was between Lawrence Fishburn and Lyn Hemsworth. as he was dressing his wound. And that's simply because Lawrence Fishburn's a is a good actor and I do like him a lot. But does he look like Regis? No, not in the slightest. But it was the first time that it actually felt like two two people were talking, two legitimate people were talking. Sarah Dempster of the Guardian four out of 10. While his predecessor invested Geralt one with a grufflike ability, Geralt 2 is left valerous man mountain grappling with responsibilities beyond our ken and more. Ballard in a wig. Ouch. Space Hutchinson top critic from the rap where Caval brought a real presence to the role, managing to be gruffly funny in one moment and believably brutal in the next. Hemsworth is just another anchor around the entire experience from which The Witcher can't shake free. They're not wrong. Hemsworth compared to Caval is non-comparable. As I mentioned earlier, Henry Caval's got great screen presence and he had great screen presence as Geralt. And it was the only time that the show was bearable was when Geralt was separated from the other horrible characters so he could just do something. But even Henry Caval couldn't even he couldn't stomach this show any longer and he had to get out. The Witcher it's I mean it's it's done. It's done. They can't even be bothered to [ __ ] review it. People most likely can't be bothered to watch it and season five is just going to be an utter catastrophe. Oh well. It's not our problem. Not my problem. Uh fingers crossed maybe in 20 years time we'll get uh a a better proper adaptation. I'll probably be long gone by then, but uh would be nice to see [Music]