Well, today's video might be one of the most interesting ones that we've had perhaps all year. Disney files a cease and desist on AI Star Wars videos. >> By the way, right now we're having 25% off theories.com. Get your holiday shopping in. And we just launched gift cards so you can give the perfect gift to your favorite nerd. a fine addition to your collection. >> Google removes AI videos of Disney characters after cease and desist letter. You guys have probably seen all of these, you know, fun little videos. And I'm going to add a caveat. They haven't removed Skywalker stories or Star Wars Tales Untold, you know, the major cool ones. They have removed these kinds of comical ones. And we're going to get into why. Google has removed dozens of AI generated videos that depicted Disney owned characters after receiving a cease and desist letter from the studio on Wednesday. Disney flagged the YouTube links to the videos in its letter and demanded that Google remove them immediately. The AI videos included Mickey Mouse, Deadpool, and characters from Star Wars and The Simpsons, many of which were made using Google's AI video tool, VO. The most viral of virals are two prominent Star Wars YouTubers that use AI, but they also use a lot of other stuff in their videos as well. For example, this one that just got 1.7 million views, almost 2 million views just 4 days ago. He was at like 50k subs, I think last week. He's blasting up to 123K now. And he's just going more and more and more. And every video he hits, they're nearing a million views each soon enough. Mark my words. Now, why hasn't Disney taken these guys down? Him and Skywalker stories, but they've taken down, you know, the Stormtrooper funny videos, Stormtrooper vlogs. The links were still working on Thursday, but now reroute to a message that reads, "This video is no longer available due to a copyright claim by Disney." And we're going to get into it in this video because Disney has been doing some weird strange stuff, I think, in my opinion, to my channel as well. And first I want to get this out of the way and then we're going to discuss what I think has been going on with my channel. >> The shroud of the dark side has fallen. >> Disney launched the broadside shortly before announcing a deal to license 200 characters to open AI which will allow Sora users to create Sor AI clips. So if everyone right off the bat is thinking Disney's finally cracking down on AI, not really. They're cracking down on AI used by any other application or software other than Sora AI, which they just invested a billion dollars into simply because they say, "Well, if you're going to make Star Wars, you know, using our IP, we want to get paid for it. >> No money, no parts, no deal." >> It's very simple. It's a business thing. So they say, "Hey, look, we're going to take down all of these, and if you want to go ahead, if that same guy who's making the Stormtrooper vlogs video wants to go ahead and do those, he's going to have to sign up for Sora AI, and that way Disney is going to get their cut as well." It's fair. The company has sought to draw a line in the sand to protect its characters from unlicensed AI use. Key being unlicensed. In the cease and desist letter, Disney also provided a long list of characters it wants removed from YouTube and YouTube's shorts, including those from Frozen, Moana, Toy Story, Deadpool, Iron Man, Lilo, and Stitch, and Winnie the Pooh. Also very fair, in a statement on Thursday, Google said it would work with Disney on the issue. We have a long-standing and mutually beneficial relationship with Disney, and we'll continue to engage with them, the company said. More generally, we use public data from the open web to build our AI and have built additional innovative copyright controls like Google extended and content ID for YouTube. Yeah, we know that YouTube, which gives sites and copyright holders control over their content. Disney also demanded that Google implement safeguards to prevent AI tools from generating Disney-owned characters. It also demanded that Google cease using Disney's characters to train its AI models. Okay, let's get into a whole slew of stuff. So, first and foremost, why aren't these guys getting taken down? It's because they use not VO or Vimemy, whatever that AI software was. They use a bunch of other AI software, a bunch of several different programs and softwares. And then they also use their own artistry. So, their Photoshop work, their own renders, they have models that they actually put in there that have either been purchased or they create themselves. Now, this whole war on AI, AI slop. Yeah, there is a lot of AI slop out there, but these guys in particular are doing something that no one else is doing. And these guys in particular, I've spoken to them. I'm not going to get into details, but a lot of them are actual artists who lost their jobs due to AI. And what they've done is instead of sitting around boohhooing and feeling sorry for themselves and blaming AI, they have seized the very technology that took their jobs and they are now making arguably more than I'm making on YouTube if my calculations are correct to absolutely turn the narrative over on the machine that took their jobs. It's pretty ingenious. You have to think about it. These guys are artists themselves. This if this was so easily to be replicated, believe me, there would be so many more channels that would be popping up being able to do this kind of quality very very simply. And you have to understand that these guys are artists who lost their jobs who are now using the tool that lost their jobs to now bring them a better job. It's ironic. >> Ironic. Now, to bring it to a another topic, something that is I've suppressed for years and I haven't talked about, and it's a conspiracy theory. It's a theory. I can't prove it, but there's a lot of good evidence behind it that would support and substantiate this theory. I think that a certain company is blacklisting and shadowbanning my YouTube channel and trying to destroy my YouTube channel. Now, I've been on YouTube almost 10 years. My channel is almost 10 years old, 2016, and it's the largest Star Wars channel in the world thanks to you guys. And I've always continued to gain subscribers. Now, the last 2 and a half or so years, I remember being at 3.3 million subs. And the official Star Wars channel, YouTube channel was at 3.6. I was about 300,000 subs or so behind. And I was gaining fast. I was catching up fast. And I remember a lot of my peers, a lot of other YouTubers were starting to talk about this, posting on X, posting Twitter, posting on YouTube, being like, "Holy he is almost going to surpass the official Star Wars channel." Ever since word got out about that, I started to lose hundreds and hundreds of subscribers every single day. People were being unwillingly mass unsubscribed from my channel. And this is factual. I have people that I've met, tens and tens of thousands of people that I've met over this last year at conventions have told me to my face that they randomly got unsubscribed. I have people in every single live stream that say I was randomly unsubscribed. My lore videos do not catch. It'll be the odd video that catches. It's like a very flickering effect. I can no longer create videos the way that I used to by having which is perfectly under copyright law and transformative they call it where you have clips of the prequel trilogy original trilogy muted as you narrate over it and explain things like what I've done for the last almost 10 years. Anytime I upload a video like that now it gets immediately copyrighted by Disney. And I've spoken to a few other Star Wars YouTubers that I know. They do not have this problem. All of my sabers, my products are no longer able to be properly listed under my videos, whereas they used to be. I don't understand what is happening. Anytime I comment on trailers or whatever on the official Star Wars YouTube page, my comment gets completely hidden. Like, I'll go and I'll try to find it on on, you know, my gaming channel or whatever. I it's not there. >> It ought to be here, but it isn't. But if I comment on any other video on YouTube, it usually gets thousands of likes or comments or whatever. Now, if this was a newer channel, then we would deduce it to, well, people don't like Star Wars anymore or people don't like you anymore and they're unsubscribing. And that absolutely is a valid critique and most likely partially true. However, like every YouTube channel that loses subscribers and gains subscribers every day, I've lost 30 to 40,000 subscribers in the last year, and I can't seem to break through 3.3 million subscribers anymore, where I was like on a fast trajectory upwards for years, right? Like Mr. Beast, for example, probably loses thousands, if not tens of thousands of subscribers a day, but his net is overall positive. He will gain a ton. For me, people are being unsubscribed unwillingly. They're not finding my videos. They tell me that they don't get notified despite having all of their notifications on on their YouTube app and on this channel turned on. My videos don't show up on the homepage much anymore. They don't show up in recommended much anymore. My products don't show up. I can't upload the same types of videos whereas other people can, even though it falls under the fair use and transformative use. My Vader fan film got recopyrighted manually. Remember that whole debacle we had where they copyrighted it after saying that the it would just be for the fans, they're not going to do that, blah blah blah, and then they released it a couple days later after the Star Wars explained thing about a year or so ago. They copyrighted the fan film out of the blue, like just like that, like the same old thing, just copyrighted it. So, there's now ads running on it and they're making money. And I also got to say like, you know, in the last 10 years, sure, I've been controversial. And let's be real, just by having an opinion on Star Wars. I I would say I'm probably like the most docile in my opinions and the most kind in my opinions. Always being like, hey, always be respectful, which I shouldn't have to, but I feel like I've always made a point to just like, hey, you know, if you disagree on something, just do it respectfully with people over and over and over again, whether it be over in messages or on X or on YouTube videos. And yet, for whatever reason, I'm the most controversial. Anything I say is the most controversial if I don't like something. I'm a George Lucas fan day one, okay? And I've never caused violence on people. I've never told people to go after anybody. I've gotten death threats. I've gotten people coming after me. I've gotten people slandering me, defaming me, which will be held accountable in 2026. I will be going after a lot of people legally. And more to come on that making my own diddy dock. Okay, I'm I don't forget. I don't forget. >> Destroy the Sith. We must. But all my focus right now is on spending money on the Vader fan film, which is very expensive, and of course on theory savers, on the company, paying my team, and making sure the products are up to my standards, the warehouse, everything. It I was doing this when I wasn't getting paid. I was doing this when it wasn't cool to be a Star Wars fan. There was no incentive whatsoever to be a Star Wars fan. I do this because I love it. I do this because I'm lucky enough that it's now my career for the last 10 years and I can take it as far as I have. And I really want to make a mark on Star Wars fans where there is someone that will stick up for what it used to be. Not to create a division, but to bring people together and help you hopefully to be able to see another point of view. Not just one dogmatic point of view, but to see, hey, there's another side. And why? Okay. Well, this guy is explaining it pretty eloquently and respectfully without much emotion or anything like that. And over the years, I've learned to kind of be a little bit more emotionally removed because it just lessens my overall argument, which is just my opinion on why this is not good or why this is great. It's just a subjective opinion of a prequel fan. And so, I've noticed how Disney has like I think suppressed my channel in some sort of weird way. And I I don't know what to do about it. There's nothing I can do about it. you know, I'm one dude and I'm up against uh some company that like  hates me, you know, and I don't want to be liked by them. I frankly think that they're pretty out of touch with their uh target market [sighs and gasps] and I think that they have a huge ego, but I don't think that this is fair. I don't think it's just I don't think that I deserve to have any other treatment other than just being left alone and letting my channel do its thing. So, beyond people unsubscribing because they no longer like Star Wars or because they no longer like me or maybe I rubbed them the wrong way or or they believed some about me on the internet, there is something strange going on that I cannot explain and my fans can't explain either. It sucks. But at the end of the day, even if I have zero subscribers left by the end of this, I will continue to make my videos. I'll continue to make posts and I'll continue to talk about Star Wars because I used to do that since I was 6 years old. I used to do this when it was not cool to be a Star Wars fan and I'll continue to do it forever because I like Star Wars. I love Star Wars. It means a lot to me. It changed my life and I think it's a great story and I think the characters are something that should be protected always. And George Lucas's legacy should be protected. So that's it. Whether I make money from it or don't make money from it, I'm still going to be here because I used to be for decades. When there was like every reason to like not publicly like Star Wars or to just not not like Star cuz it wasn't cool. I didn't give a about that, right? I wasn't making money from it. I was just a regular fan spending majority of my time on Star Wars forums. That was it. And I'm lucky enough to be in this position where I can now make cool content and clean up whole bunch of garbage that's in the industry through my way of doing it and at the end of the day making the fan film because I truly do believe that will make a huge mark on the fandom to show you what is possible if you have passion and if you put your mind to something and you don't give up. And hopefully it'll inspire a lot of people whether they like me or don't that this soul created something. Cool. Great. Well, maybe I can go and do whatever I want to do, too. Absolutely. Anybody can, you know, that I'm going to continue making videos and um it's it's unfortunate that I can no longer use clips and stuff like that um because they just block the video, but I'm going to just use images and that's fine. And I've been doing that for the last like couple years, year or two, ever since they started this And uh keep going from there. So, uh for those of you who are being unsubscribed, I hope you find me again. And I hope this video even reaches you. And if it doesn't, I hope the time that we spent together was great. And for those who are finding me, I'm very excited for the future. I think there's a lot of great stuff that's going to be planned. And for Disney, leave me alone, guys. Like, just let my channel be. You want to go and promote all the other channels out there, that's absolutely fine. Do what you want to do, but don't do some weird that I think you're doing by suppressing my channel or I don't know what the hell is going on, but I can't explain it. And it's beyond normal comprehension of people just unsubscribing because they're literally telling me tens of thousands of people, which adds up with 30,000 lost in the last year. And I can't seem to break over this number. Ever since I neared your guys' channel, I can't seem to break over it. Bizarre, weird. Call me a conspiracy [music] theorist, but I guess that's part of the channel name. Anyways, uh I'll see you guys in the next video. Love you all. May the force be with you. Now fulfill your destiny. [music]