Hey, black people.
 Hello,
 nerdotic.com. It took a whole lot of trying just to get up that hill, but here we are. After an entire week, we've reached the finale of Ironheart, which also happens to be the final chapter of Marvel Phase 5. And what a phase it's been. Who could forget the coherent, engaging, thrilling, groundbreaking, and iconic storytelling from Marvel's latest chapter? Hey, blackout magic. No no no no. Um, wait, Mrs. Marvel. She got married again and no invite again.
 No. So, what? I've just been spouting nonsense and you've just been humoring me?
 Reason checking up on you.
 Oh my god.
 Ju just do something. I mean, I know socialism is a charged word, but we could learn a lot from these.
 A phase that did admittedly have a couple of hits that were completely engulfed in slop that was race swaps, gender swaps, mantle swaps, employment swaps, story swaps, title swaps, villain swaps, and lots and lots of flops. That's why Iron Hart is an appropriate end to Marvel, you say? Maybe. But I was talking about phase 5 because unsurprisingly Iron Hart turned out to be just another piece of Disney Marvel content for D+ with a bloated budget featuring a race swap, gender swap, and mantle swapped insufferable and unlikable character. And then they surrounded her with more insufferable and unlikable characters in an incoherent story where everyone from executive producers to writers to actors to directors were cast based on their identity rather than hired for their ability. We brought in a lot of people who understand the energy and the soul of that city both in front of and behind the camera. From cast members to directors, writer, hair, makeup teams from Chicago. There's sneaker game galore. Black. So Disney can brag about a $150 million virtue signal conceived and born in the time of BLM and the summer of love. Speaking of Infernos, Disney Marvel's biggest crime is introducing one of their best villains, Mesto, in this dumpster fire in the most meaningless way. And we'll get to that, believe me. But in the very long week between the season premiere and the season finale, you might ask yourself, what kind of debate was there around this series? Was there theory crafting or hours long video essays? Nope. As predicted, there were the accusations of review bombing, attacks on fandom, including but not limited to mega trolls are attacking Disney's Iron Hart. But here's how Black Internet is fighting back. What should have been a momentous occasion for the MCU turned into an ugly online spat thanks to some racists. I would blame Marvel. And from movie web, let's call the Iron Hart hate what it really is. An article originally titled Iron Hart racist review bomb. And it turns out to be just another Disney Marvel flop. So, what's one more kick in the balls? Yep.
 We finn to be talking about Iron Hart. Previously on Iron Fart. I wonder what Gary would think of his suit.
 It really sucks.
 I need cash money. Do you think Tony Stark would be Tony Stark if he wasn't a billionaire?
 I need cash money. Do you think Tony Stark would be Tony Stark if he wasn't a billionaire? Billionaire. Billionaire. I don't want to toot my own horn or anything, but um I'm kind of one of Magiport's most wanted to You know nothing about this man and you don't care cuz you only seeing money. You're going to get caught. [Music] Good. No. No. I'm not boring. We already knew that. So after wasting the opportunity of being invited to an internship in the isolationist ethnost state of Wakanda and following that wasting the opportunity of receiving four years of grant money postgraduation at MIT after being caught selling completed tests all over wanting to build an iconic and undeniable Iron Man suit that's better than Tony Stark's girl genius Riri Williams finds herself out of resources and money. Now, while she did consider going to work for a corporation so big they wouldn't notice when she stole stuff,
 I need a job that pays. A lab so massive they don't notice if I finesse a resource here or there.
 The greatest mind of a generation that's smarter than Hank Py, Tony Stark, and Reed Richards combined does not decide to sell the patents for the tech or the tech itself to corporations for potential millions, hundreds of millions, or hell billions. Riri Williams decides to forge ahead and make thousands by joining a criminal organization. Considering the vast majority of you won't be aware of this because you didn't watch the show, we ended the three episode premiere, which happened just a week ago, with Riri Williams being responsible for the death of at least two men. And then when she was asked if she was good, she said, "No, no, I'm not." And I would agree, but this is where the media literate crowd from ex Twitter will chime in and say it's all part of her character arc, which is the transformative journey a character undergoes throughout a story reflecting their growth, change of perspective or moral journey. And after watching the final three episodes that were in truth, brutally boring yet filled with copious amounts of cringe, I can definitively say none of that happens. The three episode season finale that Marvel couldn't get out fast enough for you to forget picks up on the inaction with another nauseating conversation between Riri and Natalie. Riri still feels really bad for leaving Uncle John behind to die, but Natalie rationalizes it with this.
 You did what you had to do to survive. John would have done the same.
 What? [Music] What the?
 And she's right. That's what John would do because he's a villain. Now, maybe it's my media illiteracy and I'm just too dumb to understand, but I seem to recall countless times throughout all of storytelling where the hero is at least attempted to save the villain. Now, Riri is rightfully paranoid that the Hood is plotting something because he thinks she killed Jon. I don't know what gave it away. Maybe it was him looking her right in the face and saying, "I got plans for you."
 Uh, Parker, you got anything for me? [Music] Yeah, I got plans for you.
 Now, after spending a good chunk of the third episode trying to get a piece of the Hood's cloak that cost a dozen men and women their lives, Riri accidentally left a piece of tech that she borrowed from Zeke's dame behind that got him arrested and blamed for their crimes. Then, Riri visits Zeke in jail and he gives a perfect description of our hero's character. You're just a selfish kid who can't take any responsibility for herself. You lie. You cheat. You manipulate. You'll do anything you can to save yourself. Even if that means hurting other people in the process.
 He ain't lying.
 And if that wasn't enough, in a rare and fleeting moment of self-awareness, Riri Williams goes to her MPC boyfriend Xavier and asks this. Z,
 do you think I'm a good person? Never mind.
 I like where they're going with this. It might have led to some character development. Unfortunately, it leads to some intersectional postmodern gobbledygook.
 Good, bad. The words don't really mean anything. It's all depending on who's labeling you.
 No offense, but it sounds like some [ __ ] commie gobbledygook.
 But wait, there
 you're like Spock.
 Spock. Keep
 response
 name out your [ __ ] mouth.
 As with all fanfiction, this series is filled with a nauseating amount of boring anane conversations between Riri and her mom, Riri and Natalie and Riri and Xavier. All in some desperate hope to get the audience to like the insufferable, unlikable character with the added bonus of an excessive amount of dramatic pauses to pad time for watch minutes. And if you cut all that out, because it's completely pointless in these final three episodes, you have about 15 minutes, and I use the term loosely, of substance. Anywh who, Riri needs to find the source of power for that piece of the hood that she has. So, she and her mom go to a sweet book and magic shop, which just so happens to be run by her Crystal Hippie friend. And in Disney Marvel's continued efforts to show the lived experience of marginalized people, we find out the crystal hippie mom is a sorceress who trained in Kamaratage where Doctor Strange trained. She got knocked up and baby daddy went out to Catmand do to get some Newports and never came back. And showing her questionable parenting skills, she decided to leave Kamaritage and raise her daughter in Chicago. And apparently both of them have the power to travel to other dimensions. Well, that's handy. I wonder if it comes up later. The crystal hippie mom and her daughter Zelma, who is from the Disney Marvel era of comics, figure out that the piece of the Hood's cloak is evil and it's from a dark dimension. If it wasn't bad enough that Riri got Zeke arrested, she decides to break and [ __ ] up his silo. While she's trying to figure out what that piece of the hood is, she can't figure it out and decides that she needs to fight magic. With magic, she takes off and has a panic attack. Has trouble breathing. Also, we could get this subtle reference.
 I can't breathe. I can't breathe.
 Meanwhile, the Hood breaks Zeke Stain out of jail and ironically has the drag queen transition him into a super villain, which means Iron Hart now has three super villain origin stories. Hell, they should have called this bring on the bad guys. Then the Hood orders the Trans Titans to kill Riri. And quite frankly, I'm rooting for they them. After what feels like the 50th spat between Natalie and Riri, the acronym AI bestie takes off and gets abducted by the drag queen and put into a van. Meanwhile, over at the White Castle, Riri is meeting with Zelma, discussing the possible connections between the Hood and Dormamu. It's Dormamu.
 I know some people say Dormamu. I say Dormamu. Deal with it. And stop me if you've heard this one before. A male presenting non-binary female and a lesbian walk into a white castle and get violent. Hell, the only thing missing was a restraining order in a U-Haul. Anyway, once again, in Disney Marvel's continuous efforts to spotlight representation and show the lived experience of marginalized people, I present to you women of color throwing down in a fast food restaurant. [Applause] [Music] It's here we unfortunately have to stop what is the very entertaining action to point out a couple of things. Yes, the big bad butches overtake the 90 lb soaking wet Riri Williams. And when they let her know she's about to die, Riri says this.
 That headline tomorrow is going to be rough. Girl genius dies. My death won't make the news. Well, damn. That was dark.
 But then Riri traps them when they step on one of her watches that has a bubble force field in it, which was the same watch that she gave to Aavier that he gave back to her and she gave another to a mother. And this brings something to mind, and I'm just spitballing here, but maybe Riri Williams could have sold the patent for this technology or the useful technology itself to say a corporation for hundreds of millions of dollars or even billions of dollars instead of joining a criminal organization to make thousands of dollars. Anywh who, now that the Indigo Girls are trapped in a force field bubble, it's back to the woman of color on women of color action in a fast food establishment. Meanwhile, Natalie and Riri suit are able to escape the man she I'm sorry, slug reconnect with Riri in the most hilarious scene in the series. I got eyes on her. All right. Well, I guess Slug does one thing like a woman. Drive. And after Riri scares off and sees Slug for the last time, she has a truly visceral and authentic reaction. Then Zeke Stain shows up. And I know it's subtle, but through my keen sense of observation, I was able to summize that this episode is brought to you by White Castle. Outside of the White Castle that serves delicious burgers and fries and assorted beverages whose mission statement is to create memorable moments every day and feed the souls of craver generations everywhere, a young black woman gets the out of her by a white man. Zeke Stain was freed from jail and transitioned into a superhero by the Hood. In return, he was supposed to kill Riri, but decides not to. And then through a series of events too boring to recount, we end up at Gary's shop where Riri needs to build another suit and the writers insist on another boring anane interpersonal drama scene. And we are treated to something reminiscent of the memory store from Doctor Strange mom. A full holographic memory of Riri's childhood from the AI Natalie. And the only reason I tell you about this, and apologies, I know I'm being a bit of a nitpicker here. Wouldn't you say that this technology which was admittedly stolen from the isolationist ethnostate of Wakanda be I don't know valuable in any way and maybe you could again hear me out sell it for billions of dollars instead of joining a criminal organization. Also, we're well over halfway through the fifth episode of the series. Let's check in on that Riri Williams character arc.
 You good? No.
 No, I'm not good. Meanwhile, back at the Hood, the ex them figure out that the Hood killed Eric Andre. Then they get fired with a line that should apply to everyone involved in this show, from the executives down to the janitor. You're fired. All of you. Why are you still standing there?
 And before they them leave us, let's take one last look at the Social Justice Society. Books will be written, tales will be told. How the highest grossing cinematic franchise of all time went from this to this. the absolute state of Disney Marvel. Then arguably the most offensive thing happens in this hate crime against imagination when they had the unmitigated gall to utter and invert one of the greatest lines from one of the greatest films of all time.
 Hey black people, reporting for duty, captain. But my friend, I can only say this. Of all the souls I've encountered on my travels, hers was the most human.
 Well, come on. Shut up. Now that the Hood has gotten rid of the offenders, he has taken control of Zeke Stain and forced his own father to sign one of those contracts that we'll get to. The Hood is the son of a venture capitalist who kicked him out when he was 12, obviously for good reason. And we are told through a series of flashbacks that it was his first attempt to rob his father where he runs across Meisto played by Sasha Baron Cohen, who again just had to pay $75 million to his ex-wife Eisa Fiser. Why does divorce cost so much? Because it's worth every penny. And for some, there's some Marvel roll out there that can help cover the costs. Now, Riri Williams, the super genius, has decided the only way to defeat the hood is to deconstruct her dad's exquisite 1971 Plymouth Hemi Cuda, which are worth a few bucks in this condition. And far be it for me to point out that you could probably sell it instead of joining a criminal organization. But I digress. They managed to make an ugly suit out of a beautiful car, but it's still missing a power source. And instead of displaying Riri Williams once in a generation intellect, they just fix it with magic. This probably has a lot to do with unintelligent writers being unable to write intelligent people. And never mind the fact that it completely undercuts what there is of Riri Williams story, but if it gets it over quicker, I'm for it. And it turns out the magic comes at a cost. It wipes out the Natalie AI. And I see this as a win-win. Riri Williams easily defeats Zeke Stain with the onbrand MCU kicking a male character in the balls. [Music] Yep. Good clean glove.
 And right after the hood speaks some truth. You were so sure that you were one of the good ones, but now look at you. You have your fancy suit, but you're not going to use it to stop a speeding train or save a city from an asteroid. Oh, you just want this power for yourself. You're a criminal.
 Then she easily defeats him in under 5 minutes. Barely an inconvenience.
 This brings us to Mesto or Sasha Baron Cohen in a fake beard sitting at tables. Guilty is charged. Now, he is by far the best thing in the show, but it's still not good. But we do get a peek at the real Mesto from the comics in a reflection in a spoon. He attempts to manipulate Riri Williams into making a deal with some very familiar words. I owe people realize their wildest ambitions. People like you.
 People like me.
 Someone who due to no fault of their own finds themselves always at the short end of the stick. That's why I'm here. To help the unseen, [Music] the unheard. Sounds like the modern Democrat party. In the end, Riri Williams makes a deal with Meesto to get her friend Natalie back in the flesh. And this is where Riri Williams officially becomes a villain and completing her villain origin story by making a deal with Meisto, who turned out to be the hero by doing the Lord's work and putting Riri's soul where it belongs. And yes, that's where it ends on a cliffhanger that includes a postredit scene because somebody who was working on this show was under the impression they were going to get season two. And sure, after watching this, I have a few questions. Now, being the sweet summer child I am, I thought the Hood's contracts he was forcing everybody to sign had something to do with their soul. No, it was just about him getting rich. Were the writers not aware that contracts signed under duress are voidable? Was Disney not aware that the writers for the show's contracts were voidable? Why did Riri Williams, the super genius, have Uber Eatats delivered to a secret bunker? Why didn't the magic girl Zelma just teleport the Hood and the Legion of Groom into a hell dimension? On that note, why doesn't the Hood who can teleport in the comics at least turn invisible sneak up on Riri and shoot her in the head with one of his magic bullets? When the hell thought it was a good idea to spend $150 million on this thing? who thought it was a good idea to release it? How much damage have I done to what's left in my brain after watching it? And there are so many more questions, but in the interest of our collective time and sanity, and because I actually like my editors, we're going to end it here. Ultimately, the Chuds were right again because Iron Hart was the most predictable Disney Marvel disaster since the last Disney Marvel disaster. And you would like to think that it's the MCU in its final form, but the Fantastic 4 is right around the corner, and it better do good, or this will be unquestionably Disney Marvel's worst year, and that's saying something. But I do think it's poetic that Iron Hart the series ends up just like Iron Hart the comic, cancelled. derotonic.com. If you like what you heard, please like, share, and subscribe. If you didn't like what you heard, I thank you for listening this long. I will see you in the next video. [Music]