The season finale of Stranger Things has just dropped. Nay, the series finale of Stranger Things has dropped. I've seen it and is what's been regarded as probably the worst season of the show to date. Did it manage to stick the landing and send the audience home happy? Well, let's find out. This is where I put my intro music, but I'll just be honest with you. No, not really. [laughter] Hi everyone, it's AZ here from Heel versus Babyface. Yes. Oh boy, I've seen a finale of Stranger Things and it's all over now. It's all over. And if you don't if you don't know cuz you're kind of new and you're probably somebody that's just like I need to hear everybody talk about the Stranger Thing things. Well, uh I'm not a massive fan of the show period. I thought the first season was really good. I love the first season in fact, but I don't think there's actually been a great season or a good season since. Season two was very bad. I thought season 3 wasn't that great. season four, which a lot of people say was more of a return to form. Uh, again, didn't quite grab me. And I managed to last uh 16 and 12 minutes cuz I checked on my Netflix account of the first episode of season 5 before I was already checked out of that. Now, that's not to say that there aren't good elements that are scattered throughout those series, cuz there are. There are scenes that I like, there are moments that I like, there are character interactions that I like throughout that period. But as an overall, I it isn't gripping me the way that I think the media or at least the social media buzz around the show uh would tend to to to to be. And that's not to say that that is fake because it's not because the numbers that people tune in to watch this show are astronomically high. I think second only to Squid Game. So there is a massive audience for this show. But with that said, is it going to be or have that cultural lastability that other shows have had? I I'm going to say no. I don't think so. I think this is a show that will fade uh sooner rather than later out of the public. Zeitgeist and maybe Netflix will try and bring it back with a Netflix movie or spin-off TV show. And and it looks like they're trying to do that with Holly. They're trying to set her up as potentially the lead of a new spin-off show. Uh, I I I don't see that taking off on a personal level. However, one thing that I found was very interesting about the finale from the get-go was, as I've already mentioned, I have only managed to last 16 and a half minutes into episode one of season 5, and I was already checked out. It It was It was a such an annoying 16 and a half minutes. I remember it more clearly than a lot of the other stuff. Robin being hideous as the radio presenter. Steve being cucked again because they haven't done anything good with Steve since season 1 really. Apart from his relationship with Dustin, which is the best relationship in the whole show, but that's by the by a country mile. I want to say that as well. uh through to the um L training montage. Uh I was done. And yet tuning in to the finale, episode 8. So in essence, I haven't seen seven of the episodes leading in. But of course, everybody's seen Will's gay. Everybody, the whole world, even my dead grandma and granddad got out their coffins because everyone's talking about it, then got back in again once they realized it was a complete enough and nothing. But I was so surprised at the fact that I didn't feel like I'd missed anything, like barely anything. Uh, in an actual fact, if if this episode had followed the season finale of EP of season 4, then I would have only had a couple of questions been like, "Where did Vea get the children from?" and uh, "Why is that that black military guy now Sarah Connor?" And that would pretty much be it. everything else almost seemed to seamlessly slot in to where season 4 ended. And I think that's actually one of the problems that a lot of people have had with season five. And that's the fact that pretty much every episode has just felt like filler. It hasn't really done anything, advanced anything. And uh yeah uh probably one of the reasons why I felt the need to to dip. So let's get into what actually happened. So of course there's going to be spoilers, but if if you want to just before we go into that, I'll just give my overall views of the episode. It's not the worst finale by any stretch of the of the imagination. There's been plenty of worse finales. Uh, Game of Thrones. I don't I think you'll be hard pushed to find a worse series finale than Game of Thrones. Dexter, that was absolutely god awful. There've been there's been a lot. I didn't find the episode obnoxious. I just didn't find it interesting enough and I didn't find it um satisfactory enough. And it every character was just molded molded by it. Molded by plot armor to a laughable degree that you never felt in any capacity that any of the characters were in any danger. And in fact, the only time that any of the characters were you felt were in danger is when the character specifically needed to put themselves in danger because nothing was happening. But anyway, but we'll get to that in a spoiler section because that refers specifically to one character and that's it. But because of this plot armor and the convenience because I was going through this this uh 2hour series finale where there's only an hour of story by the way and then the second hour is literally wrapping up. They complete everything that they need to do in the first hour and then the second hour is like a Lord of the Rings epilog but [ __ ] cuz the Lord of the Rings epilog is fantastic. But this this went on for even longer and was was not great at all. But in this this hour, the um the plot armor was was so laughable that you couldn't care. And that was the problem. I couldn't be invested because the show was doing so many things that I was just saying, "Oh, well that's a coincidence. Oh, well that's a coincidence. Oh, well that's a coincidence." Because anytime something of any stakes happened, then a convenience, a contrivance would immediately come in and nullify it. As if as if uh it was like a wrestling uh event almost where the the bad guy has got the the the good guy, the heel and the baby face in a predicament he surely can't get out of. Oh, and then the music hits and then returning hero comes in to save the day. All that kind of stuff. It just felt as scripted as that was. And and again, it led to the fact that it felt like there were no stakes and it felt like there was no threat. And in a show that's dealing with other worlds and and portal realms and and un you know upside downs and wormholes and whatever. Uh you need some threat there with demi demigorgans and and demon dogs and demon bats and all of that kind of stuff. You need some threat. But by the way, there wasn't a single demigorgan, demon dog, or bat in this episode. In actual fact, all the other creatures had vanished because I guess if those were in there, then it would have actually caused some trouble and and they needed to to just go through their lines. And another thing was the pace was so sluggish that even in this finale where they're trying to get to Vecner, defeat Vecner before the he can activate the mind flare to to to bring the the world crashing down on Earth. Oh my goodness me. All these like seemingly massive things at stake. Every couple of minutes or so, our intrepid heroes managed to find themselves in a situation where they could stop and chat. So, uh I know we're just walking over to the uh mind flare's body over there uh before Vetner tries to activate it, but I just want to know how how are you doing? Are you feeling okay? Is there anything you want to No. No. No. Please. No. No, don't. Anyway, so ultimately because it wrapped up in half an episode and then we had half an episode of epilogue, the epilogue itself dragged. It was way too long, way too unnecessary, hilarious in a couple of places, which I'll get to in the spoiler section. But, uh, ultimately, again, when the credits rolled, was I going, "Oh, well, that's an end of an era. That's a shame. That's sad. Going to miss that." Not not in the slightest. When the credits rolled, it was kind of like, "Thank God for that." And then it was sort of, okay, well, I'm over it. It maybe because it didn't have that sort of impact on myself, but I think after a lot of people kind of just digest this, I think I think they're going to feel the same way. So, with that said, and I'm looking at Netflix now cuz I got to remind myself of half the stuff that happened here because it wasn't it wasn't the most scintillating of shows. Let's get into the spoiler section. Let's get into what actually happened in the episode itself. Just had to quickly check that I hadn't muted myself. So it begins with um 11 uh getting into the back to tank so that her eight why they brought that character back. God knows. Oh well I do know and the spoiler alert cuz we are in the spoilers but they brought her back because they needed to kill somebody off because they weren't going to kill anyone else until 11 decides to off herself. But did she? But didn't she? Whatever. Uh, so they needed at least somebody to kill off. So they she goes into the back to tight because her eight and uh Max. Got to get my names right here. They need to go to Vetner's world to to take on Vetner and defeat Vetner. Right. Stay with me on this because there's a lot of different worlds, different places. What's going on? So, uh, Hopper's going to stand guard, and he's got like a couple of knocks as as cues to watch, you know. Oh, you if you if I knock twice, you need to engage quickly with Vecner. If I knock three times, you need to GTFO, stuff like that. And uh, so she gets into the tank. the military apparently um militaring what exactly they have done I don't really know um Max is at the radio station I think no the hospital or whatever she's somewhere with Robin's girlfriend cuz everyone's gay now of course uh because since 2016 and 2025 there was seems to be some sort of massive cultural shift and a show that started out as four young boys and 11 is now going to end uh girl bosses galore and the main cast uh essentially having nothing to do whatsoever. In actual fact though, there's a bit of a funny part later on where after they've defeated Vecner and the Mind Flare, uh, the camera hands to Joyce. And I had no idea that Joyce was even there cuz I don't think Joyce had said a single word the whole episode or even had any camera put on her in the whole episode. And I was just like, "WHAT? WHAT'S JOYCE? Where did Joyce come from?" Anyway, that's just by the by. Uh, so they all start going into their their waring modes. Um, the rest of the crew, the MLY crew, uh, are going to the top of the antenna cuz they're looking out for the the I guess the world to come down on top of them, which it starts to do. Uh, it gets closer and closer and eventually hits the top of the antenna. And uh Steve falls off to his death and it goes fades to black and then it immediately comes back and Jonathan's grabs Steve and Steve's absolutely fine. [snorts] Uh cuz everybody has plot armor and nobody's going to die until one of the characters decides to kill themselves. So, uh, they they cut their way through into the wormhole, which separates from the upside down, which is where the mind flare is chilling out cuz these those spider legs, it looks like a dead spider on its back like dead spiders do. Well, yeah, that's the mind flare on it on its back, I guess, chilling out. Um, Nancy is the most annoying piece of stupid [ __ ] bent character, which does my head in because she was she she was great. She was a great character, particularly in the earlier seasons, and now she's just this obnoxious, hideous girl boss that's 45 [ __ ] pounds in weight. Uh, while all the the male characters like Steve and Jonathan are just subservient cucks. Anyway, 11 and her crew turn up at uh Henry's house to show the children that Henry is actually a bad guy and they're the good guys. Uh, which they do. I can skim through this because it's not it's not relevant in this. I mean, I say it's not relevant. It's not it just it's not really pertinent. Nobody really gives a [ __ ] Uh Will has a a conversation with Mike. Uh I'm going to guess he's just saying I'm I'm still gay or something. But I was really concerned that during the course of the week, uh Noah, whatever he's called, who plays Will, said that, oh, Will and Mike's story isn't over. And I was like, "Dear God, if he kisses Mike and Mike goes, yeah, do you know what? I've decided I love [ __ ] this week as well. I'm I'm going to be done with it. I'm really am going to be done with it." Thankfully, that didn't happen. Mike's still in de m. Uh, so they're walking. They're just casually walking in this wormhole world, not seemingly giving a [ __ ] and managing to to stop off to to have conversations. And and the there's a conversation between Steve and Jonathan. And Jonathan's like, well, Steve's like, "Thank you for saving me." And Jonathan's like, "Would I still think you're a dick?" And then he tells Steve that him and Nancy essentially he tells Steve that him and Nancy have broken up because Nancy's a strong and they they say independent woman as well cuz Nancy's a strong independent woman and uh Steve uh I know she wasn't with Steve at the time but but Steve wants to have children and six children. So, we've got the women being the strong independent one that wants to do her own thing, and we've got the guys want wanting to settle down with kids and I guess stay at home and be stay-at-home dads or it's so [ __ ] cockhanded nowadays. Uh Henry goes back into the upside down I think because it's we're all over the place to play silly beggars with Hopper's mind which is a good scene actually because even though David Harour is a bit of a [ __ ] Froot Loop he's he's a great actor. I do think he's a very good actor indeed. Take Thunderbolts out of that equation. But in everything else, like he's really good in the equalizer. If you haven't seen him in the equalizer, he was really good. He was really good in um a quantum of solace. He's been good in the in the stuff that I've seen him in, apart from Thunderbolts, which was terrible. And Red Guardian is terrible. But he's a good it's a really good scene where uh Henry does actually trick um Hopper to shoot the back tank and uh seemingly kill 11, which he doesn't, but he's banging on the um the tank to pull uh because it's all a mind trick. And what it was was so that Henry would uh sorry that that Hopper would bang on the back to tank and uh make 11 uh click out of the world so that Henry could just um go after the children cuz they they decided to run the children to the cave that Henry won't go into once they realize he's the bad poopy guy. They all ran away with the children to go to the cave. So uh that's now pulled out Max 8 and 11 from being able to help the children. Their children are now on their own. So, Holly takes charge of them. And they managed to get to the cave. And apparently uh uh Vecner doesn't Henry Vner doesn't have the strength to drag a girl with one of his armed tentacles back uh when a 9-year-old boy's pulling her. The nine-year-old boy apparently's got [snorts] greater strength. Great writing. Uh awesome stuff. Particularly coming straight off that um good scene, which was a good scene with Hopper uh being tricked. So, uh, now the military are just driving around, I guess, and doing stuff and things. And, uh, Henry goes after the girls. Like I said, they managed to get to the cave safely. So, Henry's like, I got to go in this cave. This cave that the mind flare is essentially making me not go into. Don't go in the the cave. you'll look you'll learn the truth of what really happened to you. Uh so he decides to brave it and go into the cave. Uh there's a rogue military group of people that have broken off and the rest of the military and they're hunting down Hopper and 8 and 11 and other people with numbers and they capture them. Uh, and they've got these suppressors which are stopping uh them from using their powers. Um, the the I can't remember what his name is. [laughter] Uh the Jew uh the Jewish guy the Jewish guy throws a bomb at their helicopter which destroys the helicopter, destroys the suppressors, not before eight is shot and killed, seemingly killed, but it allows 11 to get her focus on her powers and she snaps all of their necks and then she gets the guy who shot eight, killed eight to to shoot himself. Boom. All over. Uh, and by by eight, somebody somebody died. Unfortunately, nobody that we gave a [ __ ] about. So, moving on. And yes, I have to keep referencing back to Netflix cuz I really don't know. So, Holly realizes that Henry's gone into the cave. She tells the other children to run ahead because Holly's now girl boss uh number 68,000 in this show, to go behind girl boss Sarah Connor, to go behind girl boss Max, to go behind girl boss boss 8, to go behind girl boss 11, to go behind girl boss Nancy, to go behind girl boss Robert. It's just [ __ ] obnoxious. It really is. And uh Henry sees himself as a boy scout and as a a research guy clutching a chest, a a a a suitcase, a case. And he's like, "Stay back. Stay back." And he shoots Henry in the hand. And then Henry gets a stone and beats him to seemingly death with the stone. He opens up the case. Inside there's a stone that's kind of got cuts in grooves in it and the grooves are glowing and it's a it's an evil poopy pants. Uh he'll connect you to the mind flare stone. He touches it. He hears the mind flare say come find me. And then the guy who was dead is suddenly not dead anymore cuz he says no you mustn't listen to it. It'll get into your mind. you you have to resist. And then Henry just goes bung with his hand and explodes the guy's eyes, which was pretty good effect, I got to say, and absolutely kills him. And then Will manages to use the power of homosexuality, which he gained last episode, uh, to say, "I'm not afraid." It look, this is what the mind flare did to you, Henry. He He's evil. It's nasty. It's poopy pants. It's not It's not gay. It's heterosexual. You need to resist and come to the power of gay. And he says, "Please join us. Join us to fight against the mind flare." And then Henry, who's crying, having seen all this revelation, is having like a breakdown because of it. Uh says, "Oh, no, no. I I I accepted the mind flare. I wanted to. I I I was happy to do so. So, why are you crying and looking horrified at what you've seen if what you've seen is actually what you wanted to do? What? Oh, it was for us, the audience, to try and do a bait and switch to think that Henry would join, but oh my god, no. He's actually true poopy pants, man. It's not It's not good writing, folks. It's not good writing. It's stupid. So, the big dead spider activates. Yes, the mind flare comes to life. Uh, because apparently the mind flare and vector Vecnner are scissoring to that's the only way I can describe it. They're mentally scissoring together. They're symbiotic in nature and so they they thrive off each other. It's a It's a hive mind. So, if they all if one dies, they all die. But apparently, it doesn't actually happen that anyway. Uh well, I mean, we'll never know because there weren't any demigorgans, demigod, demi doggies, demi Anyway, so the the mind flare activates in front of the the rest of the crew. Uh Rambo, uh I can't even remember a bloody name. begins with N. Nancy Rambo Nancy Etal and it's absolutely ginormous. The mind flare is absolutely ginormous and starts chasing them humans like this. Mind flare with legs like this. Should we play a quick game? Were the humans with the tiny legs able to outrun the massive spider Cthulhu monster with 300 foot le? The answer is yes. Yes. Uh everybody was able to uh to outrun the the Kaiju spider monster. So they all split up. Dustin says, "Let's all split up. We need to chip away at its HP." that that you know D and D reference. So they all start throwing their relative weapons. Nancy's got a big machine gun which if she pulled the trigger in reality she'd be [ __ ] 70 m down the road due to the kickback. But this is Rambo. I'm surprised she didn't just have a Browning in one hand [ __ ] filtering bullets going. You know, I think that was in one of the cuts, but they said it was not realistic enough for a strong independent Woman. So, she's firing off the massive machine gun. She gave Mike a flare gun, which actually turned out to be the best weapon. So, [ __ ] you, Nancy. Uh, the others are throwing things. I I I think Lucas, who's maybe had one line in the whole episode so far, I think he was firing water balloons at it, but I'm not absolutely convinced on that, so don't quote me. And they're chipping away fighting this Cthulhu monster, which which could easily like absolutely easily just [ __ ] annihilate them. But everyone's got plot armor because no one's allowed to die. 11 bursts out. and jumps into and rips a hole in the uh mind flare really easily so that she can go into a nice chamber designed for human beings inside the monster. Oh well. Uh to fight Vecnner. It's a it's a pretty underwhelming fight. And she eventually manages to push Vecnner onto a spike which kills him which kills the mind flareer because they're scissoring. Yeah, I'm already bored. That's when it cuts to an image of Joyce. And I'm like, I didn't even know [ __ ] Joyce was here. And then Joyce starts hacking the head off Vetner. Uh saying, "This is for everyone you've killed." And there's a flashback to to all the people that have died in the show. Uh including Eddie and including uh what's her name from uh season one? Uh, I can't remember. I don't give a [ __ ] Uh, so, uh, that happens and then they're all like, "Yay, we're great. We're awesome." And, um, it's time to go. Then the military turn up and they go, "Hey, do you know what? Uh we are we're actually going to uh arrest you and have already just blown up, you know, they're in the process of blowing up the um the the worm the upside down, not the wormhole. God, I'm so confused. The place someplace, but 11 doesn't go through the the the the gap, the flesh wall gap. She's like, "No." Uhhuh. I have to stare. I have to stare and die because I got the power. So, she seemingly dies as the world blows up and it seals up the um rift. So, it it goes back to normal. Everyone screams. There's still 40 minutes, 45 minutes of the [ __ ] show to go. So then they're all there arrested by the military and then it cuts to 18 months later. Now then, are they all incarcerated, locked up in secret facilities? Uh, no. They're just walking around Hawkins. And by the looks of it, they've been doing this uh probably the day after that the military arrested them, even though they've murdered multiple military personnel. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. The kids are all ready to uh graduate. It's now 1989 and Indiana Jones and The Last Crusades playing at the cinema and that film is absolutely [ __ ] fantastic. Uh, so one good thing, uh, Robins being the horrible, obnoxious, uh, gaunt as [ __ ] ompic, uh, [ __ ] out of her eyebrows, uh, zombie woman that she now is with a voice that sounds like she smokes way too many cigarettes, uh, packs of cigarettes a day. Uh, the kids are all getting ready for graduation. Um, Dustin's the validictori. Did I get that right? We don't have these in the UK, so I'm just trying to remember. Uh Will's still gay. Thank goodness for that. Uh but Mike won't turn up cuz Mike is still missing L as if she just died the day before, which she just did. Uh but nobody told him that there was an 18month gap and you had to. Anyway, he's saying that he doesn't want to graduate because he feels as if life would be moving on and he doesn't want to move on because El's not there. Now, this is actually a decent scene and Hopper's sent to find him by Joyce. And him and Hopper have this uh really good conversation, and it just kind of shows how massively elevated David Harour's talent as an actor is above pretty much everyone else. Mike, um I I can't remember what the guy's called in real life. I know it's I had it on the tip of my tongue there and then I realized I didn't give a [ __ ] Um, but this is a good scene. I think Mike's he he he might have a decent career ahead of him. I do think he's a good good actor. Um, this is going to sound a little bit like a a disc, but I know uh keep keep with the lessons though. [clears throat and cough] You know, I think he really needs a good acting coach to kind of really uh smash smash away with that. But I think he's I think he's got a lot of potential. And they do have a a good conversation. And David Harour sort of talks him around to go to graduation. Uh they graduate. Everyone goes whoopde-doo. Everybody that you thought was dead is not dead cuz nobody died apart from eight. And uh 11 died, even though it's probably going to be revealed that she didn't die at all. And eight, believe it or not, wasn't dead when we thought she was dead. But she used the last bit of her power to zap 11 uh into an invisible invisible while maintaining a projection hover that makes it look like she was standing there not wanting to go while 11 then sneak past all the military and decided to start a new life in the outer heedes or some [ __ ] Jesus wept. This is terrible. It it cuts to Jonathan, Robin, Nancy, and Steve on a rooftop. Uh Jonathan announces that he's also gay. And by that, he's now an anti- capitalist filmmaker on the Netflix show, which costs $480 million to make and is hidden behind a payw wall of $20 a month. I [ __ ] cannot stand champagne socialist [ __ ] Steve is cocked by the women because Steve has no personality anymore. He's not allowed to. Nancy is a strong independent woman and is obnoxious as ever. And I've got no idea why Robin's in the show cuz she's just a stupid [ __ ] Uh oh. a little bit of happiness. Hopper uh uh uh proposes to Joyce. She says yes, they're going to get married. He's been offered a job as a as a full sheriff or something or deputy sheriff somewhere else with a pay rise. Uh Gary's told me that the the place name that they mentioned is a place where like weird [ __ ] conspiracy shit's meant to happen. So it could set up a really cool TV show with Hopper and Joyce kind of doing that eerie Indiana stuff. But so it's nice to actually get a little bit of that. They we deserve a little bit of I was going to say happiness, but I'll choose another word beginning with H. Heterosexuality uh in the show cuz God knows that's [ __ ] missing all over the place. The kids sit down in the basement to have a a D&D one final D and D game uh where uh they finally they win due to the help of summoning a witch at 11 and then Mike decides to go around the horn and [snorts] uh and tell them all how their lives are going to work out. Dustin's going to go into middle management. Uh Max and Lucas are well Max is going to make uh Lucas a very good husband and Lucas is going to be a very good wife to Max cuz that's how that relationship dynamic works. And uh I'm not even joking here. Uh Will's happy ending is uh he goes to a gay bar. >> [laughter] >> Hey, did you know that Will's gay? Uh, and then uh that's where um that's where Mike tells the story of uh what happened with 11. At least that's the story that's in his mind. Uh and then he they all get called for for tea. And as he's walking up for tea, all the children who were stolen by Vecnner, who are now, you know, hunky dory, uh, they come running down so they can play a game of Dungeons and Dragons. And it's the show's just kind of saying, "Hey, this is the future." By the way, it's like seven girls and one guy, two guys or one guy, I don't know. Uh, like, "Hey, look, do you want these guys as a spin-off to the show?" [ __ ] off. And then it ends. And that's it. And that's it. And I gotta say when it ended, I was like, "Thank [ __ ] for that." Because it was dragging like mad. Barb, it was Barb in season one that died. Did Yeah, Bob got a a a fraction of uh a fraction of of notification, I guess. So ultimately, uh, like I said, it wasn't obnoxious and and I wouldn't say it was like terrible. I'd say it was crap. It was dull. It was contrived. It was um convenient. There were no stakes, even though you're fighting a bloody Cthulhu god. No stakes, too much plot armor, uh, too much inane conversation, no character development. Right. I know it's the final episode, but it doesn't feel like there's been any development with characters. It feels like characters have regressed, particularly the main boys. Um, Steve hasn't got anything to do. Jonathan's got nothing to do. The girls are running the show. Nancy, Max, um, Holly this season, for all intents and purposes, have all just run the show. And it's for what started as as a really cool story about four friends, four male friends and their their weird female friend with powers. uh kind of got to me just got derailed by too many bland, uninteresting forgettable bloat of characters that took away from the focus, took away from the development of the boys, the true development of the boys. And I think uh the Duffer brothers didn't know where on earth they were going with this. I really don't. Having now seen seasons one to four and episode one and episode eight here of season five, I I don't think there was ultimately a plan and they were just absolutely winging it. Uh so nothing felt satisfactory. So there you go. Uh they are my rather long winded thoughts, spoiler and unspoiler, uh of Stranger Things's series finale. Hope you enjoyed the vid. If you did, do all that stuff, you know, hit that subscribe, like, and comment down below, and I'll be back with some more stuff very soon. You take care. Goodbye, Baloo. [music] >> [music] >> Heat.