Well, I don't care what you call it. All right. Cuz I'm like a rock, son. Oh, you like a rock, huh? Yeah. I'm a rock. I don't move. Okay, let me understand this correctly. Then you are like a rock and a rock don't move, huh? Rock move. You back off. You want to do this now? You want to do this right here? Let's do this. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. What the hell are you doing, man? What you mean, man? You just grabbed my ass. God's about to kick your ass, man. What kick it? Don't grab it. Okay. All right, man. Come on, man. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Greetings you over 1 million Helens and the 40% who haven't subscribed yet. Yes, we're back to talking about Daredevil Born Again. But this will be a very different video from my last one because quite frankly, Marvel is screwed. If you recall in my last review for Daredevil Born Again, I was cautiously optimistic. I was going to see how Disney Marvel could move Daredevil and Kingpin past their multiple cuckings. Daredevil with his walk of shame and She-Hulk and Kingpin being defeated by a teenage girl and a Native American Voltron who reconnected him with his feelings. I cannot unsee this. Could Disney Marvel seize the opportunity given to them by the worst time strikes in history by scrapping what they already filmed with the sitcom She-Hulk version of Daredevil and reconnecting it to the far superior Netflix Daredevil outside of maybe Iron Man. It is simply the most comic accurate and the best comic book adaptation Disney Marvel has ever done in live action. Incidentally, Kevin Feige had nothing to do with it. But could Kevin Feige and company actually grab the baton and produce something good on D+ by expanding on the mythos and characters from the far superior original from Netflix? And after watching the final episode of Daredevil: Born Again season 1, the answer is a definitive no. Ironically enough, the final episode is called Straight to Hell, and that's exactly where this series went. Now, full disclosure, Daredevil is one of my favorite comic book characters. I own a complete run and almost every single appearance up to I think 2021. But never let it be said that I can't be a sweet summer child and never let it be said that I can't take the yell because I was dumb enough to be cautiously optimistic about a Disney Marvel product. I was under the false impression that Disney Marvel might actually take some care with this series and that it was going somewhere where it clearly wasn't. A slow burn still needs to burn, but this one just fizzled and it did it pretty quickly. And in trying to fix and integrate what they had scrapped from the previous series, it just turned into repurposed slop concerning the previous character vandalizations of Daredevil and Kingpin on D+. Marvel had a couple of options. They could have never addressed it, which I would have recommended, or make it work somehow, but their genius idea was to actually expand on it. Didn't she shoot you in the face? [Laughter] Yeah. But it doesn't stop there because you could add to the list Vanessa Fisk, Karen Paige, the Punisher, and Bullseye. And the new characters they introduce can be put solidly in three categories: irrelevant, annoying, or insufferable, which coincidentally would also be the best description of the plot. Or strike that because it really wasn't a plot. It was a patchwork series of events that plays out in the most predictable, implausible, and boring way possible. In Daredevil: Born Again, because they use the born again storyline from the comics in season 3 of the Netflix show, Matt, Foggy, and Karen are reunited as it was heavily promoted in the trailers for about 15 minutes. Foggy is killed and Karen off until the final episode of the series, leaving Matt to quit, wallow in self-pity, get chewed out by his business partner, get chewed out by a teenage girl, get chewed out by one of his clients, and cry. He also defends White Tiger in a courtroom scene, which eventually gets him killed. He also thwarts a bank robbery with the help of Camala Khan, Miss Marvel's dad, who might have mentioned it a couple of times. Excuse me. Apologies. her. Ah, my daughter Kamala. She's in California visiting some friends there. Miss Marvel. This is her right here. A custom-designed Funko in her honor. You can't just crack it open like it's a piggy bank I gave Kamala to instill in her the value of saving. And my daughter, huh? The famous Camala. Yes, Kamala. Who? And he finally dons his costume at the end of the sixth episode because who in the hell wants to tune into a superhero show where the superhero is doing superhero stuff? And he does this to finally face the villain they have been building up to all season. Muse, the serial killer super villain who uses the blood of his victims to paint murals in the comics. He's an inhuman with super strength and super speed. And he's imperceptible to Daredevil. In Daredevil Born Again, he's an incel who's really good at taekwond do. And that's probably why Heather Glenn was able to kill him with relative ease. And this is where the series lost me. And quite frankly, I don't know why it took me so long, because Muse turned out to be a red herring, a shaggy dog story. Completely pointless, like this show. But getting rid of Muse allowed us more time to have Heather Glenn, Matt's new annoying girlfriend, to be annoying by chewing him out and reminding him that she saved herself. You tried to kill you. Daredevil saved you. I saved me. They were both out there for themselves. Oh, shut up, silly woman. Oh, and let's not forget all the times Matt quit. Aside from quitting being Daredevil, he just basically black pills on being a lawyer. I think I could comfortably speak for the entirety of Planet Earth. I think we are all ready for the MCU to end, but apparently Marvel isn't. Keeping in mind that it was Disney's Daredevil Born Again co-creator Daario Scarda Penny who said that the MCU series has less naval gazing than the Netflix show. I would argue the best way to sum up Disney's Daredevil born again was it's about a naval gazing blind man. But not to be outdone in the character assassination department, we have Vincent Denafhrio's Kingpin who is now mayor of New York City just like he was in the comics. Except it isn't just like it was in the comics because instead of seizing on the opportunity of helping out New York when Hydra trapped Manhattan in a dark dimension, Daredevil born again just makes Kingpin a Trump allegory and he becomes mayor pretty easily by saying he's going to make New York great again when in truth he just sees the power from Vanessa who is now the queen pin and doing his job better. When you were gone I made this business bulletproof. I was under the false assumption that they would somehow explain this and they didn't. That's simply what it was. To be fair, we finally get an explanation as to why the kingpin is free in this show. In the very beginning of the final episode of Daredevil Born Again season 1, Vanessa mentions in passing while she's talking to Bullseye that Wilson Fisk was acquitted due to the federal corruption scandal involving Agent Ray Nadine from season 3. And again, they could have just not mentioned or not acknowledged the events of Ekko and Hawkeye, but they decided to do that in the first episode, which leads to a lot of questions like, how in the hell does a guy become mayor when he's hot off of rounding up a posi and trying to kill some engines in Oklahoma and Ekko? And how the did he get his eye back that was shot out by Ekko? Don't know. Oh, and I know there's so many more questions than that that I'm not going to bother to get into because the show didn't. Let's just say after nine episodes, the Kingpin is in no better shape than he was at the end of Hawkeye or Ekko. And what they did to Vanessa Fisk is a crime against imagination. One of the best characters from the Netflix show. The ride or die wife has just been reduced to a Disney Marvel girl boss. The only reason the Kingpin's empire is still around is because she made it more streamlined and profitable. The other crime families might have feared Wilson, but they respected Vanessa. It was Vanessa, not Kingpin, who was the driving force in establishing the big mystery of the show Red Hook, an area of the port that due to an 1855 charter is not subject to state or federal law. Basically, it can be its own citystate. She was the one who is clearly in the position of power to the subservient Bullseye here who set him up to kill Foggy and his client who are going to expose this information. And I'm sure it won't be forgotten that the cuck kingpin is going to swoop in and take credit for a woman's work. Speaking of Bullseye, they've taken Daredevil's arch nemesis and one of the best villains in comic books and turned him into a cowardly snitch who's afraid to be released in the general populace in a prison. And they managed to do that in the only real full episode he appears in. Speaking of Bullseye, you know who else was heavily publicized in the trailer and the promotional material, but not in the show very much? The Punisher, who in episode 4 had one of the best scenes of anything on Disney Plus and definitely the best of this series. Say his name, you coward. Say his name. It's not about him. You hate yourself. He's eating you up because you ain't done a goddamn thing about it. God damn it. God damn you. Unfortunately, whatever audience was actually watching this got whiplashed cuz it was preceded by one of the absolute worst scenes in the history of Marvel on Disney Plus and in the series. [Music] You want butter toffee or calm with peanuts? Butter toffee. Toffee for the man. Man, you can't eat that. Hey, Will Cox, are these boxes evidence? Nah, them mother boxes was evidence. I paid for this [ __ ] Complaint against you alleges you stole approximately five boxes of fiddle fattle from a bodega. Well, I did do it. The thing is the bodega where this allegedly occurred has a surveillance system. Store security guard will testify that when he detained you, you were in possession of multiple boxes of fiddle fatal caramel corn. [Laughter] Now, back to the Punisher. John Bernthal is always great as this character, but that scene from episode 4 was Daredevil season 2 Punisher. And the rest of his scenes in the final episode, which is just a handful, are Punisher season 2 Punisher. And as with a lot of things in this show, what should have been a very satisfying scene when the Punisher finally gets around to killing somebody, at best, it will wake you up from your nap, at worst, it's anticlimactic. And the same goes for Vanessa when she kills her boyfriend in front of the Kingpin. This is supposed to be an impactful scene because she chose to do it. But by the time she did, I was just kind of, okay. And in the final episode, when the Kingpin finally gets around to being the kingpin and crushes the police commissioner's head, it just felt like what it was, a poor imitation of the Netflix series. Oh, and Deuse Karen Paige arrives out of nowhere to patch up Daredevil and give a mommy talk to both of them. She and Foggy were totally wasted in this series. Then yes, someone was paid a lot of money to make the decision to replace them with these characters, like Cherry, whose only purpose was to randomly come out of nowhere and tell Matt he doesn't like what he's doing, or plucky diverse female Gen Z character number one, or plucky diverse Gen Z female character number two. One is BB Urick, Ben Urick's niece, and the other one is the White Tiger's niece, because God forbid we have nephews in the MCU or Marvel comics, much less sons. For the well actuallyies out there, I'm fully aware that Angela Toro is the female white tiger from the comics from almost 20 years ago in the Bendis run. But I would also add that the last thing the Marvel Cinematic Universe needs is another Z-list female character when you could have spent more time with the Hector Ayala White Tiger. Then there's Kristen McDuffy who only exists to chastise Matt Murdoch and Grimace. And last but not least, a character that's totally different from Kristen McDuffy, Heather Glenn, who only exists to chastise Matt Murdoch and be a [ __ ] I wish the stupidity ended there, but it doesn't. In this Daredevil Born Again season 1 finale, they decide to one up Chris Nolan's worst Batman movie, The Dark Knight Rises. The Kingpin and a handful of bad cops with Punisher logos on their chest managed to lock down the entire city, turn off the power, cause a bunch of riots, all because somebody tried to assassinate a mayor. And somehow unilaterally, the kingpin, the mayor of New York, declares martial law on the city while he takes that opportunity to establish his own citystate at Red Hook. The Punisher gets captured by the task force, but later escapes. And Daredevil, the man without fear after a pep talk from Deusex Karen Paige, decides he needs help and he needs to build an army. And this is his army. the insufferables and ultimately Daredevil Born Again. Again, season 1 became everything I was worried about and quite frankly everything a lot of people called before they aired the first second of the first episode. As much as I want to retire this phase, it went full-on MCU because there is a suspicious amount of annoying women in this lecturing Matt Murdoch. And listen, I didn't write it. I don't make the rules. I just make the observations. They really leaned into the Punisher skull controversy, particularly from the summer of love, so they can go full a cabab and have Punisher lecture the bad cops and call them clowns. And they made the kingpin the cockpin while also making him an incompetent Trump allegory who stole a woman's work. Keep in mind, it was just under a year ago where Disney Marvel actually sparked a little bit of hope in the fandom, and it looked like that they were going to change. They brought back RDJ as Dr. Doom. You may or may not like that decision, but it excited fans. The Fantastic 4 teaser came out and it kind of excited fans and the Russo brothers were coming back to direct Avengers movies. That seemed like a good move. And the biggest sign of change was Marvel scrapping multiple episodes that they already shot of Daredevil to reconnect it and honor the Netflix series. And disappointingly, Daredevil Born Again is not a change. It's actually the same the same variation of the same three themes that we've seen since the end of phase 3 intersectional feminism, identity politics, and TDS. And now would be a good time for Kevin Feige to worry because the follow-up to the fan favorite Netflix Daredevil series was met with thunderous apathy. It never charted on Sama TV. It has yet to chart on the industry standard Neielen, and I doubt it will. It was watched by fewer people than Agatha all along, Miss Marvel and the Acolyte, which of course was cancelled. And the excitement of the Avengers films announcements, and the massive success of the very gimmicky but popular Deadpool and Wolverine, has been completely squandered. Captain African-American was a flop. Daredevil: Born Again was a flop. And they had that stupid 5-hour chair stream where they announced the mostly disappointing and the rest were just really old cast for Avengers Doomsday. Don't you dare break Siri Mckllen. Unsurprisingly, the Thunderbolt is projected to underperform at the box office and that will be followed by the amazingly popular Iron Hard on D+. And at time of recording, the Fantastic Ford trailer dropped. And this is the first look at the female Silver Surfer. Uh, and it's become abundantly clear that Disney Marvel is incapable of change. And as I and many others have been saying for quite a while now, it's time for Kevin Feige to go. And no, there isn't a good replacement. Just finish up your Secret Wars and then let the Marvel Cinematic Universe sit for a few years because a dormant fandom is better than a dead one. Please subscribe. If you like what you heard, please like, share, and subscribe. If you didn't like what you heard, I thank you for listening this long. I will see you in the next video. [Music] [Music]