If ever there was a name in Hollywood that screams career self-destruction, wasted potential, and a personal life that makes Charlie Sheen look like a model citizen, it has got to be >> Ezra Miller, aka the Bengal Ghouls, the Mad Goose Wizard. >> From talented indie darling to big budget superhero star, this guy really seemed to have the industry in the palm of his hand. He had the acting chops, the youth, the chiseled looks of a male model, a willingness to push boundaries and take creative risks to make gender, sexuality, and fashion into his play things like a modern-day David Bowie. People just couldn't seem to get enough of Ezra Miller. And with his rise to big budget franchise films, he was poised to become the next big A-list movie star. There was just one small problem. He was a [ __ ] Froot Loop. And before you could say red flag, the Hollywood dream unraveled into a nightmare of arrests, kidnappings, assault accusations, drug use, crazy religious cults, and complete emotional meltdowns. Ezra Miller didn't just crash and burn. He nuked his [ __ ] career from orbit, going from Hollywood golden boy to unemployable pariah. So, let us learn about this particular crash and burn together, shall we? Ezra Matthew Miller was born in New Jersey in 1992. One of three children to Martr Miller, a dancer, and Robert Miller, the president of a major book publisher. A shy kid who suffered from a chronic stutter, Miller enrolled in opera classes at the age of six to help him overcome the impediment and ended up performing for the Metropolitan Opera in New York. Nice stuff. But his real passion turned out to be acting. And at the age of 16, he landed his first role in the low-budget drama After School about a teenager who witnesses a pair of girls OD while filming a school project. The movie was a modest success in film circles and got just enough recognition to win more roles. And the following year, he was acting opposite Andy Garcia in the dramdy City Islands. But it was the chilling 2011 psychological drama We Need to Talk About Kevin that really put him on the map. Surprise, surprise. Miller plays a troubled teenager who has a dysfunctional relationship with his mother that eventually escalates into a full-scale massacre at his local high school. It's not exactly a fun watch, but credit where credit's due, Miller is superb in it and more than capable of holding his own against a veteran actor like Tilda Swintson. By now, his star was very much on the rise, and Miller was gaining a reputation as the exciting new talent in town, able to play complex and challenging psychological roles, but just as comfortable doing breezy romantic dramas like Madame Bovery and The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Hollywood was taking notice of Ezra Miller, and it wasn't long before bigger roles started coming his way. The first of these was the announcement of his casting as the Flash in Zack Snider's doomed DC universe. In retrospect, it was probably a bad move, but at the time, it seemed like a huge opportunity. And whatever you might think about the movies he was actually in, Miller seemed to understand the assignment when it came to playing Barry Allen. He brought just the right amount of nervous energy and neuroticism to the character, balancing out the stodgy seriousness of the rest of the cast. Unfortunately, Justice League, his first big outing as the character, turned out to be a troubled production. Snider was forced to bow out halfway through the process, and Jos Weeden's hasty course corrections didn't do much to help the movie, which got roasted by critics and disappointed at the box office. Still, Miller's momentum didn't seem to be impacted too badly, and his recurring role in the Fantastic Beasts franchise turned out to be just the saving grace he needed to stay on top. Ezra Miller was still very much in demand, a talented actor whose attention-grabbing outfits, daring photooots, and weirdly open and self-reflective interviews all played into the image of a vibrant and complex artist just bursting to express himself. Unfortunately, it was all about to come crashing down in spectacular fashion. Accounts of what exactly happened differ depending on the sources, but a lot of people seem to agree that the problems really began when Miller's parents announced their divorce in 2019. From there on, his mental health went into a sharp decline. He became isolated, withdrawn, and paranoid, he started wearing a bulletproof vest and carrying a gun wherever he went. Convinced that the KKK were out to get him for some reason. Then came the strangulation video. In April of 2020, Miller found himself in a bar in Iceland. Hey, we've all been there. When he was confronted by a local woman, his response, grab her by the neck and force her to the ground in a [ __ ] strangle hold. Miller was quickly escorted out by security. And that might well have been the end of it if it wasn't for the video that exploded onto social media. Suddenly, he didn't seem like a bold and complex artist willing to challenge stereotypes. He seemed dangerous and unstable, and things were about to get worse from there. By March of 2022, Miller was in Hawaii and busy making a nuisance of himself with local police by loitering around gas stations, filming people without their permission, starting arguments with random passers by, and generally acting like a complete [ __ ] weirdo. This all culminated in him getting arrested for disorderly conduct and harassment when he started screaming at people in a bar for the crime of uh singing a Lady Gaga song. Boy, that escalated quickly. >> The arrest was caught on camera and again it didn't do his image any favors. >> I'm non transgender non-binary. I don't want to be searched by a man. I'm transgender non-binary and I don't want to be searched by a man. I claim my Fourth Amendment rights. >> You sure about that? You sure about that? >> One local couple made the mistake of taking pity on him and bailing him out of jail, which turned out to be a very bad idea indeed because according to them, he stole the wife's passport and the husband's wallet and screamed that he was going to murder them both. Right. Miller, complete with a shiny new restraining order slapped on him, fled the islands. But trouble seemed to follow young Ezra wherever he went. And just a few weeks later, he got into another fight and threw a chair which hit a woman in the head and left her needing stitches. Somehow he got off with another disorderly conduct charge, which is kind of wild because I'm pretty sure they could have nailed him for aggravated assault, but whatever. Fame has its perks, I guess. By now, Miller had had enough of Hawaii, and I'm pretty sure the feeling was mutual. So, he left to return to his farm in Vermont. But just 2 months later, he found himself embroiled in more legal trouble when the parents of an 18-year-old Native American activist accused him of using quote violence, intimidation, threats of violence fear paranoia delusions and drugs to hold sway over their childs. Court documents from the time also claimed that Miller had caused bruises on her body, and that he' groomed and manipulated her from the age of 12. [ __ ] In case you were in any doubt, it was becoming pretty obvious that something was very wrong with Ezra Miller. A former resident of his farm, explained that Miller believed the girl in question was quote, "an apocalyptic Native American spider goddess and that he himself was a reincarnation of Jesus Christ and together they were going to bring about an indigenous revolution." Damn, man. I know people talk about having a messiah complex, but this dude was the real deal. That very same month, another woman was granted a restraining order against Miller. This time in Massachusetts for brandishing a gun and inappropriate behavior towards her 12-year-old daughter. She also claimed that Miller considered the child to be a powerful mystical being who would be lucky to have Ezra to guide and protect them. Shortly before the restraining order was granted, Miller apparently arrived at the family's home dressed as a cowboy and tried to buy horses for the childs. >> WHAT ARE YOU, [ __ ] YOU KNOW, WE CAN OFTEN LAUGH AT THE well-deserved downfalls of pompous celebrities in these videos because most of the time they're just [ __ ] who overplay their hand or idiots who failed upwards until they got discovered. But this is getting into actual disturbing territory here. Things were about to take an even darker turn when police showed up at Miller's Vermont farm after claims that he was sheltering a woman and three young children there, that guns and ammunition had been left lying around unsecured, that Miller himself was smoking weed and blowing it into a baby's face. The next day, Miller was charged with burglary when he broke into a neighbor's property and stole bottles of booze because, I guess, a multi-millionaire movie star couldn't afford to buy his own drinks. >> Really? >> Miller would eventually cut a plea deal to avoid the worst of the charges, but the reputational damage was overwhelming, and it wasn't helped by the videos that he kept posting onto social media. >> Ezra Miller, aka the Bengal Ghouls, the Mad Goose Wizard. Um, look, if y'all want to die, I suggest justelves with your own guns. Keep doing exactly what you're doing right now. And you know what I'm talking about and then you know, um, we'll do it for you if that's really what you want. >> Right. This was a man unraveling in real time in front of the entire world. And it all happened at the worst possible time for Warner Brothers. They were already fighting a losing battle to save the troubled Flash movie, which was going through major re-shoots that had blown the budget up to almost $350 million. Having the star of what they were trying to market as a familyfriendly superhero film get exposed as a psychopath, a predator, and a religious cult leader was basically the final nail in the coffin for the Flash. For a time, there were even serious talks of cutting their losses and cancelling the film altogether. Ultimately though, the best they could do was push back the film's release, limit Miller's social media presence, and quietly shuffle him away from the limelight, desperately hoping that people would somehow forget all the controversies and accusations against him. As it turned out, they didn't. The film bombed big time, and with it went the best chance of saving the DCU and the last hopes of salvaging Miller's Hollywood career. All the controversies and meltdowns of 2022 didn't just derail his momentum, they [ __ ] killed it. Stone deads. In the three years since the Flash debacle, Ezra Miller hasn't appeared in a single movie or TV show of any kind, and there are no real plans for any upcoming projects. Hollywood might be a haven for weirdos and oddballs, and willing to forgive all manner of transgressions, but there are levels of controversy that even they can't sweep under the rug. For all intents and purposes, Miller is persona non-grata in the industry now. too radioactive to touch, too unreliable to hire, and without the box office capital and industry clout to get people to care about him again. And it's a shame really because there's a reality where Miller was able to forge a successful career as a challenging and unconventional artist, breaking barriers and challenging norms, but it's not this one. Ultimately, for all his talent and potential, Ezra Miller was undone by his own demons and personal hang-ups. He's a sobering reminder that fame isn't for the fragile, that success comes at a cost, and that even Hollywood can only tolerate so much bad behavior from its stars. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.