(buzzer) - King's policy was that non-violence would achieve the gains for Black people in the United States. His major assumption was that if you are non-violent, if you suffer, your opponent will see your suffering and will be moved to change his heart. That's very good. He only made one fallacious assumption. In order for non-violence to work, your opponent must have a conscience the United States has none. - America talks a lot about fear, but we seldom ask, who's fear is it that America cares about? We don't ask because we'd quickly discern that it's not that of those who should be most afraid. Those who this country beats down and discards. It's obviously not that of those who have nowhere to lay their heads at night, who are treated as subhuman, whose government rather give them a prison cell than a home. No matter how many knots white America twists itself into, pretending that there was something to debate, that the lives of Black people are intellectual exercises at best and jokes at worst, I will not bend or break my back to join them. When the plain fact is this, on May 1st, 2023, on a subway train, just a borough away from me, Daniel  Penny, a white man, choked Jordan Neely, a Black man to death. While passengers looked, some recorded, some helped. Daniel  Penny grabbed Jordan Neely from the back, choked him for 15 minutes, and he didn't let go even as Jordan defecated on himself. And once he was sure the life had left Jordan's body, he spoke to NYPD and he went home. He went home. In a city where I have represented hundreds and hundreds of people, all impoverished, many homeless, many of whom were arrested and criminally charged for just entering the subway station when they couldn't afford the $2.75 fare. In that same city, on those same subways, Daniel  Penny could kill someone for everyone to see and go home. Something Jordan Neely didn't even have, which is why he was on the subway in the first place, screaming out for food and water and doing so in vain. Because the people his desperate pleas would fall on would sit front row to his murder and not a soul would lift a finger to help him. And much has been said and asserted as fact regarding Jordan's mental health, how he was having a mental health crisis, how he was dangerous, how he was acting erratic, crazy and aggressive. And there's been a significant effort made on the part of people hoping to humanize him by saying things like, "The passenger's fears were valid, "but he shouldn't have been killed, "or we shouldn't react to mental health episodes this way." But I would like to seriously ask this. Why are you defending against a premise you need not accept? Is it mentally ill to be fed up, to be angry, to be desperate, that you do not have a bed, food to eat, water to drink, and that life has shown you time and time again that you're more likely to get it from a prison than from someone who sees you as human as they see themselves? Is it legitimate to be afraid of someone for that? Not nervous, anxious, agitated, concerned worried sympathetic, or to feel pity, but afraid, so afraid that you think you're in danger, that this man who has not touched you, presented a weapon, or made any advancement towards you, needs to be put down? Is it self-defense for a trained Marine to choke an unarmed, homeless man who had not threatened him from behind? Is a person who you must creep up and attack from behind posing a threat to you? Too often, even the well-intentioned public embraces, legitimizes, and concedes to
characterizations and narratives they feel they must then defend against. I encourage you to reject that practice and instead embrace reality, the reality being that there is absolutely nothing new about what happened to Jordan Neely, or how America is trying to justify it. The only thing new is the news cycle. On December 22nd, 1984, four black teenage boys approached a white man on a subway in Manhattan and asked him to give them $5. That white man, a then 38-year-old Bernard Goetz, pulled out an illegal handgun and shot each of the boys. They survived, but one suffered brain damage and was paralyzed for the remainder of his life. One of the boys he shot testified in Goetz's trial and on the stand he said, "He's going to be found not guilty anyway. "I know what time it is." Not only was Goetz found not guilty when a Manhattan jury found that he, the 38-year-old man armed with an illegal gun was right to fear for his life when four teenage black boys asked him for $5. That just their person presented enough of a threat that it was a proportionate action to shoot each and every one of those unarmed boys. It was he who should be afraid, not the black teenagers who live in a world where they could survive being shot by a vigilante and know a certainty that he will not be found guilty. But they knew that. They knew that because they'd already witnessed the press due to them with the press's doing now to Jordan Neely. They made Bernie Goetz a symbol of white Americans' legitimate fear of crime in the city. Nevermind the fact that the only person in the fact pattern who committed a crime was Bernie Goetz. He received so much support he would eventually feel emboldened enough to run for mayor. It's interesting how when a black person is murdered by a white man, so begins a national debate about crime that somehow never centers on the white man who committed the crime or the crime he committed. Only the hypothetical crime the black person committed in the eyes of the white people who decided to kill them and white America who can only see them as a defendant and never the victim. It was the same time then as it was today. I want us to imagine that things do not happen in a vacuum, that one thing happens as the result of another thing. America is a country that systemically dehumanizes, abuses and incarcerates both black and homeless people, let alone those who occupy both groups. And New York City is quite literally one of the most expensive cities to live in the world. According to the New York Times, the average rent of an apartment in Manhattan is $4,975 a month. The average rent is $3,744 in Brooklyn. To rent an apartment, you need to make four times the rent and pay first month's rent, last month's rent and security deposit. One third of renters spend more than 50% of their income on rent in New York City. That's why there are more than 80,000 homeless people and one in every 106 New Yorkers are homeless. Yet, they're treated as a mysterious plague on the city rather than the result of a city that preys on us all. When Eric Adams took office in January of 2022, he initiated what could only be described as a war on the homeless. He added 1,000 more cops to the New York City subways to remove homeless New Yorkers and force them back onto the street. Once successfully forced back onto the streets, he then began tearing down the encampments they live in all over the city, throwing them out with all their belongings with absolutely no regard to placing them in housing and even proposing a $615 million budget cut to the Department of Homeless Services and even arresting both homeless people and advocates. I want us to imagine that the reality I just described and what happened to Jordan Neely are related. That one thing can cause another thing. That abandoning, vilifying, and criminalizing homeless people leaves room for others to do the same and for an entire city and press to justify it. If you can imagine that, it shouldn't come as a surprise that in response to the murder of Jordan Neely, Governor Kathy Hochul said, quote, "People who are homeless in our subways, many of them in the throes of mental health episodes." And that's what I believe were some of the factors involved here. There's consequences for behavior. And Mayor Eric Adams refused to criticize Daniel  Penny's decision to choke Jordan Neely to death. And he applauded NYPD after they beat and bloodied the New Yorkers who protested. In the world of the media, the name of the game is discourse and engagement. If something is news, they want as many people as possible talking about it, debating it. So facts are dismissed in favor of a million hypotheticals, devil's advocates, straw man arguments, anything to keep people pretending there is something of value in their opinion and a situation where there are facts. As a commentator, that formula is a particularly distressing one for me when a black person is killed by a police officer or racist or some other bigot, because I am asked to pretend that we haven't seen the event or America's heartless response to it before. But we have. Not only did Daniel  Penny get to go home, he went to his bed knowing that not only had he killed a man, but that the press would protect his name, the killer's name, while enthusiastically releasing the unrelated rap sheet of the victim and opening the town square to debate whether he deserved to die and discuss white fear. And I could launch into an explanation of why Jordan Neely's rap sheet is not proof of criminality, nor his deservingness to die, and rather a reflection of the way he's been criminalized and failed repeatedly. But I won't, because no matter how much America pretends he is, he is not on trial here. He is dead. There is no great big why special circumstance or unturned stone that justifies why Jordan Neely was killed or why white America insists on pretending there is. America is a racist country with racist leaders, institutions, and media. Jordan Neely is dead because a white man wanted to kill a black man, and that white man is free because white America is glad he did it. That's the truth. I know what time it is, and so too do all of you. (upbeat music) I actually wanna encourage Sloss to sue Jesus, because they're just about down bad in every way. They're anatomically stuck with a smile on their face no matter if they're stressed, anxious, going through it. And then they're always going through it because not only are they stuck in the trees being slow as shit, but when they do come down from the trees, they struggle on the ground because they're structurally unsound and their legs are too weak for them to stand up on all fours.