Interesting. Dave Filona compares Star Wars returning to theaters with The Mandalorian and Grou to The Force Awakens. Episode 7 was a completely different entity. I had dreams of episode 7 since I came out of Return of the Jedi back in ' 83. You were like, "After six comes seven. Where's seven? We're in a completely different era of Star Wars now. Fun fact, if you didn't know, George Lucas was actually in production, well, pre-production of episode 7. When he sold to Disney, he actually wanted to finish seven and then hand it off and finish the the merger or the selling of it. That way, it would really force them to continue down his story, but he trusted them and it didn't turn out so well. >> The power >> Bando and Grou relaunches the galaxy. We're in a completely different era of Star Wars. Yeah, I guess you could say that. Interesting. It's that sense of heart that Felonian director John Favro hope to translate to the big screen. Yes, the action will be bigger for cinemas. There will be massive practical sets, puppetry galore, stopotion courtesy of Phil Tippet studio. But at the center of this, well, the Mandalorian and Grou, the duo who captured hearts the world over. What can't you do now? Says Fona, noting that spectacle only goes so far. It's a question of is the audience going to believe it? Are they going to feel it? That comes through the characters. If the characters are connecting, then the adventure plays, the action plays, the tension plays. The next adventure begins. Mando and Grou are back. Star Wars enters a new era. Fire up the Razer Crest. So, I don't know if he means new era as in they're starting a new adventure, which yes, but also does he mean a new era as in he is now in charge. So, literally Star Wars is about to start a new era. There's a new photo. Dave says, "I had dreams of episode 7 since I came out of Return of the Jedi." The Mandalorian and Grou doesn't carry the burden of introducing a new trilogy or establishing a group of unknown heroes. Instead, it is Fona says, a big celebration of its title pair. So, where were bounty hunter Dingjarn and Grou, his adoptive son and Mandalorian apprentice, when we left them? Okay, so the season 3 finale had a sense of genuine finality to it as our heroes settled into their homestead on Navaro, having thwarted Moffgideon again, and played their part in reclaiming Mandalore. It only felt like the ending of a particular chapter, Pedro Pascal tells Empire. The same finale also saw Mando agree to take on missions solely for the New Republic at a Delelfi base. they open up the opportunity for him to continue his best work as a bounty hunter, but just working for the good guys, combining skill and morality. Whereas, when we meet him first, it's simply skill and bescar and the Mandalorian creed. And to me, I think that was a little bit more interesting, right? You want to see a bounty hunter that's going to work with kind of anybody. The jobs are going to be more interesting and more daring, and you're going to see different points of view of everything. And then that's where his morality can kind of shine through, which of course is how the story played out through his relationship to Grou. There is an expansion of his heart and disarming of his armor, so to speak, that leads him to fight for what he knows is right. And so to finish off this video, we certainly are in a new era of Star Wars. Absolutely. And what I mean by that is Kathleen Kennedy is no longer in control and in charge. And this is the first time that we as fans can properly see how much she's been really controlling behind the scenes and how free Dave wants to run with George Lucas's true vision. and to only adapt that, increase it, and honor and respect it. And to that, I say we have to wait until we actually see the products that he's pushing out. I am definitely looking forward to my review of The Mandalorian and Grou to see what I actually think about it, to see how they did it, and did they go back to, you know, Mando season 1 and two feel and vibe and respect, or are we going Mando season 3? Are we going acy? Are we going completely the other way, as Obi-Wan would say? >> He went completely the other way >> from George Lucas Star Wars. [music] And that's really my only concern. So, time will tell. Let me know what you think about Mando and Grou. Are you excited or you just don't care anymore? Either way, your opinion is valid and I'll see you guys in the next one. Until then, remember, the Force will be with you always. [music] >> Now, fulfill your destiny. >> [music]