So, I think it's safe to say that Starfleet Academy hasn't exactly been the resounding success that Paramount were hoping for. What with it failing to chart on the Neielson ratings at all, crashing out of Paramount's own top 10 within a few weeks of release, the abysmal audience scores on every major review site, and the first episode released free on YouTube gaining less views than an average video of mine. And when the worst happens and everyone's taken a massive steaming dump on the uh massive steaming dump that you've produced, there's only one sensible course of action. Cope. And by golly, did the cope come hard and fast with this one. No. You see, this series is actually good if you look at it from a certain point of view. This show wasn't made for stodgy old Trek fans like you. It was written for the next generation. People are just reviewbombing this show because it's diverse and progressive, not because it's bad. Star Trek has always been diverse and progressive. So, shut up and don't question how this contradicts the previous point. Just like what we tell you to like and be happy, godamn it. I've seen it all, man. Or at least I thought I had. But this latest defense has got to be the saddest and most desperate move even I could have imagined. Coming courtesy of Subspace Chatter on Substack. quote, "It seems people, let's call them the usual suspects, began reviewbombing Star Trek Starfleet Academy almost as soon as it premiered a few weeks ago. These weren't thoughtful critiques. These were folks just reflectively and maliciously slapping the new series with a minimum one-star rating on review aggregator sites like IMDb and Rotten Tomatoes. Are you serious?" I mean, honestly, I think giving it one star is being generous because that implies the presence of something worthwhile in the show. no matter how small or deeply buried. And well, that would be a lie. Is Starfleet Academy perfect? Nope. Is it too cheesy at times? Absolutely. But if we keep complaining and tank its rankings just because it's not how we think Star Trek should be, the only outcome is that it gets cancelled and we get nothing else. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait just a second there, Missy. You're suggesting that people should give this show a free pass because if they're too mean to it, it might kill off Star Trek altogether. What you just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. >> I mean, you understand how insane that is, right? Just accept the absolute dog [ __ ] you've been served up on the slim chance that you might be given something slightly less [ __ ] as some indeterminate point in the future. >> How about new? >> Call me crazy, but I tend to take the opposite view on this kind of thing. If a company produces a product that basically everyone hates, it's important to let them know just how badly they've [ __ ] up. Otherwise, they're going to keep doing it because you're giving them no incentive to change. Starfleet Academy, just like Section 31 and Discovery before it, is exactly the kind of show that Alex Curtsman and his gang of hapless retards at Secret Hideout want to make. This is their vision of what Star Trek should be. And if you let them get away with it through some kind of benign indifference in the hopes they'll get better by themselves, then of course they'll keep making more of it because it's exactly what they want to do. They have to be corrected, sir. Fans would be better served finding things in the shows they do like and providing constructive feedback on what they'd like to see more of. Well, there in lies your problem because I'll be honest here. I can't find anything in this show that I like. The characters, the writing, the set design, the performances, the emotional tone, the themes and ideas, they all have about as much in common with actual Star Trek as I do with Rachel Zgler. >> It's Hollywood, baby. >> There are literally no redeeming qualities about this show. Every episode is nothing but 60 minutes of soul sucking, brain destroying, morale sapping misery. It's an absolute insult to the Star Trek legacy, an insult to the craft of film making and an insult to basic human intelligence. And to pretend otherwise is just flatout lying to yourself. And well, why the [ __ ] should you? The constant drum beat of it all sucks and everyone needs to be fired isn't going to result in anything constructive. Instead, it's likely to result in Paramount Shelvin Trek for another 15 years. Oh no. Oh dear. You're threatening me with a good time now, aren't you? But joking aside here, I think we've come down to it at last. The crux of the matter, the inescapable truth around which this entire show folds. Like an origami chicken. >> [ __ ] ME, I can't believe a functional human being wrote that line. Either way though, the result is the same. It's time to let Star Trek die. And believe me, I take no pleasure in saying that, but there it is. This franchise is [ __ ] cooked, man. It's like a blind old incontinent dog that can't walk anymore. As much as you loved it and treasure the good times you had together, keeping it alive in this condition isn't helping anyone. It's just prolonging the inevitable. The truth is that for all intents and purposes, Star Trek died 20 years ago with the cancellation of Enterprise. And [ __ ] me, as stale and mediocre as that show was at the time, it's a goddamn masterpiece compared to anything we've had since. Yeah, we've been treated to some big flashy space action movies with the Star Trek name plastered over them. And we got a little nostalgic glimmer of past glory with that final season of Peicard. But for all intents and purposes, the spirit of Star Trek died a long time ago. All that's left now is a shambling zombie franchise kept going with increasingly desperate TV shows that nobody asked for and even fewer people enjoy. The idea of shelving this franchise and just letting it rest for 10 or 15 years sounds like exactly what it needs. It needs a [ __ ] break. It needs time for the wounds of Curtsman Trek to heal. It needs time for the fandom to feel nostalgia for what once was an anticipation for something new. And more importantly, it needs time for a new generation of writers and creatives to take the helm. Because nothing in Star Trek is going to change unless you do something about the people making it. No matter how you try to spin it, the fact is that nothing good is being accomplished by Curtsman and his team anymore. After almost a decade in control of this franchise, they haven't grown the fandom. They haven't elevated the Star Trek brand to greater cultural awareness. And from a purely business point of view, they haven't made a single [ __ ] penny for Paramount. Nobody's buying Star Trek merch or box sets or taking out Paramount Plus subscriptions to watch Star Trek Discovery. It would be quicker to dump a hund00 million dollars into a pile and just light the [ __ ] thing on fire. At least that would look cool. Normally, I take no pleasure in the idea of people losing their jobs, but in this case, I don't see any other solution here. The Secret Hideout guys have 100% brought this on themselves. Nobody forced them to make shitty Star Trek shows filled with lorebreaking characters and storylines. Nobody forced them to prioritize the message over good storytelling. And nobody forced them to lash out and criticize the very fans they needed to win over. They are entering into the finding out stage of the fuckaround process. And they've got no one to blame but themselves. Star Trek in its current form needs to die because it's doing nothing except tarnishing its own legacy by continuing to exist. Maybe someday it can come back stronger and better than before. But let's be honest, that time is a long way off. For now, I'd settle for it being left to rest in peace. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.