Just a few weeks ago, we saw some Modern Audience developers on their Blue Sky accounts talking about why there should be more censorship on Steam. Those gamers are too mean to the corporations. And I mentioned how their whining actually reminded me of Ubisoft around a year ago when it was reported that Ubisoft was looking into pressuring Steam to hide the concurrent player counts on games. They don't want people to be able to see the concurrent player count. And now over on Twitter, people are once again crying about the Steam player counts being public. Oh no data as I saw Vera Dark cover this tweet from February 28th that reads Steam player account being public is the worst thing to happen to gaming in recent time mentality of if this game going in a niche genre doesn't outperform every game ever released its DOA. Like holy smokes I can't put into words how like holy smokes I can't put into words how stupid it is and now it'll be every game released. Man, I couldn't even finish reading that post without laughing. And that middle section is such a ridiculous straw man. Like way too overly dramatic. No one's saying it has to beat every game ever when we're taking a look at metrics like this. This user would respond to the OP saying, "Nah, player count is an important metric to gauge a game, especially in multi/competitive games." And the OP would respond saying this. Player count, which can change drastically with any update at any point for any given game. Not saying it's useless, but it sure isn't a reliable measure. Well, that's exactly the point. If the player count suddenly shoots up or suddenly shoots down, it's indicative of something else occurring in the game. For example, a major update or a patch that had bad balancing, you know, stuff like that. And people might then look further into the data as well, like what caused this spike or this decrease. By the way, it looks like the OP is really just upset about the recent Marathon discourse, as the OP had also previously said this. I'm so glad Marathon is one of the games spearheading the why are you so miserable and pathetic? You want everything to fail dialogue. I'm so tired of the direction the games industry is going. The crowd wanting everything to fail before it's even out is the one killing innovation. Oh yeah, because the AAA industry is so innovative, right? Yeah. No. Moving on though, we have the next OP where this person had said, "I'm convinced a petition should be started to shut down Steam DB. We should not be allowed to see player counts for any game anymore, nor how many are viewing on Twitch." How are these people real, man? Like imagine actually advocating for less data, less information. Oh no, the numbers are offensive. That shouldn't be that shouldn't be made public. At least it makes for some hilarious content though. And once again, credit to Verdark because her coverage is how I found out about these posts. Let me know what you think about all this in the comments. Thank you for tuning in and have a lovely week ahead.