I mean, you know, the the original cartoon came out in 1937 and very evidently so. Um, there's a big focus on her love story um with a guy who literally stalks her. >> Yeah. Weird. Weird. >> Oh, shut up, silly woman. Somehow Rachel Zgler has returned, but I have a feeling it's going to be a very short-lived return because she has learned absolutely nothing from the disaster known as the liveaction Snow White failure. Rachel Zgler doubles down on divisive rhetoric despite Snow White box office collapse. Is this a comeback attempt? Well, let's hope so because I want to see this flop worse than her Snow White movie. Is this supposed to be the start of a Rachel Zgler comeback? It's not going well if it is. The actress at the center of Disney's troubled liveaction Snow White remake is once again making headlines after a new interview where she addressed the backlash surrounding the film and the controversies that followed its release. But instead of signaling a course correction or a moment of reflection, Zgler appears to be doubling down on the same tone and messaging that helped turn her into one of the most polarizing young figures in Hollywood. You know, there's a classic example of someone that has learned from the mistakes along the way, and that is Brie Larson. Uh Brie Larson is cast in the new Super Mario Galaxy movie and everything that we have seen from her marketing up to this point. She's been fantastic. Hi everyone. Being part of a Nintendo Direct, this is a huge moment for me. I watch these. I play all of these games my entire life. Um Super Mario Galaxy is one of my favorite games. So getting to play Roselina has been incredibly special. I cannot wait for you to experience this film on the big screen. you are the best fans in the world. I am so grateful for your support and um let's play more games. >> Now, obviously, she's a fan of Nintendo. She's a fan of the Mario Galaxy games, so she already has that interest. But in terms of just how she's acting and treating the fans and treating the property that she's involved in so far up to this point, I can't I can't say anything bad about her. It seems like she has learned from uh attacking the fans. Time will tell, but Rachel Zgler clearly has not. And so in the interview, Zgler framed the backlash against her behavior largely around identity and cultural expectations. Quote, "I was told I wasn't enough of one thing for Westside Story and too much of another for Snow White." She said it was really confusing time for it was a really confusing time to be in my early 20s and hearing that I grew up a proud uh proud of being a Colombian, eating the food, wearing the dresses, drinking the coffee. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're doing all the stuff. You're a Colombian. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh when discussing her mental health and and the impact therapy had on her dealing with the pressures of fame, Zgler added, quote, "I long for a time when it's not taboo to talk about and explore in a way that is universal and accessible. Everybody deserves to understand what's going on in their own mind and heart." What does that even mean? What does that even mean? She then almost came close to showing remorse for her actions, stating, "If I'd been able to predict everything that would come my way, the threats to my safety, I would have just thrown my phone into the ocean. I think any sane person would have." But this statement stops well short of taking any accountability for her rhetoric and merely laments the push back she received. For many critics, the interview reads less like a reflection on the controversy and more like a continuation of the same rhetoric which surrounded the Snow White remake from the very beginning. Because when you actually look at Rachel Zgler's past controversies, her collapse in popularity had nothing to do with race and everything to do with her behavior. many such cases. But of course, the victim narrative is is far more effective uh instead of just taking ownership of the things that you have done. The Snow White controversy that never went away. Disney's liveaction Snow White remake was already under scrutiny long before it reached theaters. The production was plagued by creative disputes, political debates about the film's direction, and intense backlash from fans who believed the project was attempting to fundamentally rewrite the classic 1937 story. And that's exactly what it was. I mean, you know, Rachel Zgler, as it says here, she she repeatedly criticized the original film in interviews, um, including The Central Romance. At one point, she defended the remake's more modern direction in a previous interview, bluntly stating it needed that. Those comments helped fuel the perception that the project was less about honoring a classic story and more about reinventing it for contemporary political sensibilities. When the film finally arrived in theaters, the results were disastrous. After a massive production delays, extensive re-shoots, and a reported budget that ballooned well into the hundreds of millions, the movie struggled to find an audience. Instead of becoming a new Disney blockbuster, Snow White quickly became one of the studios most embarrassing box office misfires in years. And if you go over to like this interview right here with Rachel Zgler, uh she is just incredibly unlikable. And if you look at the like to dislike ratio, 5,200 down votes to only 800 up votes. This is who she is and nobody likes her. Listen, >> more of a 2022 version of Snow White. What did you mean by that? >> I mean, you know, the the original cartoon came out in 1937 and very evidently so. Um, there is a big focus on her love story um with a guy who literally stalks her. Yeah. Weird. Weird. >> So, we didn't do that this time. >> So, no. So, no prince or a different kind of prince. >> We have a different approach to what I'm sure a lot of people will assume is a love story just because like we cast a guy in the movie. Andrew Bernup, great dude. Um, it's uh it's one of those things that I think everyone's going to have their assumptions about what it's actually going to be, but uh it's really not about the love story at all, which is really really wonderful. And whether or not she finds love along the way is anybody's guess until 2024. Um, all of Andrew scenes could get cut. Who knows? It's Hollywood, baby. But >> there there you have it right there. There's nothing else I need to add. A pattern of controversy. The backlash surrounding Ziggler didn't come from a single moment or interview, nor did it come from anything to do with her race. Rather, it was the result of a long string of public controversies that repeatedly placed her at the center of online firestorms. And yes, this is talking about the interview that I just showed you about the promotional cycle and all of the disrespectful things that she said about the movie, about the classic movie, targeting the fan base, targeting anyone that loved it. She was essentially calling them bigots. Um, but not only that, she took it to another level. Outside of the movie itself, she also became embroiled in political debates on social media, including post attacking President Trump and his supporters following the 2024 election. In one viral post, she stated that Trump and his supporters should never know peace. That's right. And also here, she's promoting the movie, but she decides to take an opportunity to also add her political nonsense, pre-Palestine. And this is how she is. and this is why no one likes her. She also drew criticism for inserting geopolitical commentary into the marketing cycle for Snow White, including linking the release of the film's trailer to the conflict in the Middle East. This rhetoric reportedly led to threats of violence against Zgler's Israeli co-star Gal Gdat and her children. According to industry reports, Disney was forced to hire additional security for Gdat and her family. Zgler was reportedly asked by the film's producers to remove her post in light of these threats and the actress refused. In addition, Zgler participated in the social media pile on against former uh Mandalorian star Gina Corano during the controversy that ultimately led to Corano being removed from the Disney Plus series. Taken together, these incidents built a reputation around the actress that many observers believe overshadowed her actual work on screen. It absolutely o overshadowed everything. And now at this point, if there is a potential comeback for her, she has learned absolutely nothing. And you're going to get more of the same. Um, perhaps the most telling development in the collapse of the Snow White has been what happened next. Despite being positioned as one of Disney's major stars in only a few only a few years ago, Zgler's upcoming slate appears remarkably thin for an actress who was once at the center of a $300 million production. After the collapse of Snow White, Zgler returned to stage uh acting. At the moment, she only has one small film project lined up, an indie film called She Gets It From Me. In Hollywood terms, that's unusually quiet. Uh, that's a unusually quiet period for someone who was expecting to headline major studio films for years to come. The reality has led many observers to speculate that the new interview could represent the beginning of a Rachel Zgler comeback effort, an attempt to reframe her public image from the Snow White fallout. But if that's the goal, critics argue this familiar approach may be repeating the same mistakes that caused the backlash in the first place. Because rather than acknowledging why audiences may have been frustrated with her previous comments in public persona, Zgler's latest remarks once again frame the controversy primarily around identity and cultural expectations. She is not going to make a comeback because she has learned absolutely nothing. Now again, you can make a comeback if you're willing to humble yourself just a little bit. She doesn't have that ability at all. I saw that like, you know, Stephanie was tweeting about this. Got a good amount of traction over there. Uh, like she just doesn't have a fan base. And again, the like to dislike ratio proves that yes, there are a few weirdos online that are going to pretend that they are a fan of hers. But guess what? They didn't show up for Snow White and they're not lining up to see anything else that she has going on right now. So, I don't think that there's a chance in hell that she can make a comeback because she doesn't believe she's done anything wrong. And I point to Brie Larson as a person who clearly has recognized that her approach was not benefiting her and she seems to have completely uh changed and now she's on a full-on redemption arc. So, time will tell. You guys let me know your thoughts in the comments below. Thank you very much for checking out this video and we will talk to you