This is a bit of a hard video to swallow. Mark Hamill says J.J. Abrams shut down a Luke Han and Leia reunion in Star Wars: The Force Awakens. This was 5 days ago, so this is news. Mark Hamill has opened up about one of the biggest things that he wanted to happen with Star Wars sequel trilogy, and it's something fans have debated for years. I don't think there's any debate whatsoever. I think every single fan, sequel trilogy lover, sequel trilogy hater, has unanimously agreed on the fact that we would have all loved to have seen the band back together. According to Hamill, he personally pushed for a scene that would reunite Luke, Han, and Leia on screen, but that reunion never happened. And now we know why. During a recent appearance on the Hollywood Reporter actor Roundtable, Hamill revealed that he brought the idea directly to J.J. Abrams while they were working on Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Haml said he wasn't asking for a long sequence or anything that would derail the story. He just wanted a brief moment where the original trio could share the screen again. I said, "Aren't we going to have a moment where all three of us get together to raise the roof? It'll only take 30 seconds," Hamill recalled. And JJ said, "Well, Mark, it's not Luke's story anymore." That response pretty much summed up the creative direction of the sequel trilogy. while Luke, Lelay, and Han were essential to launching the new era. The focus quickly shifted to Ray, Finn, Poe, and the Next Generation. So, I feel like, you know, if we go down this this whole path here, it's just really going to I feel like I've I've beaten this like a dead horse, man. You know, and I think we can all agree that the sequel trilogy is it's just sucked. It just destroyed Star Wars in general and it's the reason why the brand is on its lifeline at this point and why the fandom is so split unhappy and arguably all of the people who love the sequel trilogy. I'd say most of them are new fans that have come in with this Disney wave. Abrams had previously talked about the challenge of balancing closure with setup when launching the sequel era, saying, "Working on this new movie has been as much about trying to set up elements of what is beyond what you're seeing as it has been about telling a story that will be satisfying in and of itself." Surprisingly, he didn't either, but it can't feel like a copout. Somehow, Palpatine returned. Like, we're just setting things up and not resolving them. Somehow, Palpatine returned. What has come out now about the sequel trilogy really just makes all of these directors look like complete overpaid buffoons because not only were they disjointed, but there was no collaboration between them. And of course, I I blame that on Kathleen Kennedy, but even between the two guys being so-called major Star Wars fans and they really respect George Lucas, they should have gotten together and been like, "Hey, look, so we're both doing this and uh we need to come up with a plan." But no, instead we get things like Ryan calling JJ at the end of the Force Awakens to say, "Hey, can you please change this last scene where Luke is supposed to, and this was originally JJ's script, where Ray comes to Octu, sees Luke meditating with his back to her, and he's levitating a ton of rocks, boulders, and JJ said, "Okay, sure. I'll change it." And so that was all to make Luke a recluse who cut himself off from the Force. Now, I will say that I do think between the two, J.J. Abrams would have made a better Star Wars sequel trilogy if he had the entire sequel trilogy to himself. But unfortunately, he didn't. And I say unfortunately because that was really the only choice that we got was JJ. Otherwise, we should have gone with George's sequel trilogy. And that's going to be the next video I'm going to be making because there was a recent comment about that as well with Bob Iger [clears throat] mentioning how George was salty that they didn't use his sequel treatment and that he thought that just because that they bought and paid for his sequel trilogy treatment then they were obliged to use it. Kind of weird to think that you know if you buy something of someone's story and you bought the continuation book which hasn't been released yet that you would use it. Hm. That's super weird. I don't Why would he Why would George think that? You know, I could talk about the sequel trilogy, Till the Cows Come Home, literally. And I I just truly think that these two guys are overpaid buffoons. I really do. I don't think that they understand Star Wars. I think they really are phonies when it comes to just anything to do with Star Wars whatsoever. I mean, look what JJ did with Star Trek, for example. You know, a whole bunch of lens flares and And look what he's done with Star Wars. I I I would say keep JJ away from anything that has the word star in it and that is somewhat sci-fi. And as for Ryan Johnson, I mean, you know, he made a very cinematic Star Wars movie and I feel like it was a okay movie, but it wasn't a good Star Wars movie by any means. It was Everything that they both did, it's like these two guys were just measuring their lightsabers to sort of outdo the other one, right? Ryan was just outdoing what JJ did. So, oh, Ray, you're nothing. You're nobody. Snoke, nah, let's cut him in half. Fasma, don't even worry about it. Luke, forget about it. He can't even use the force, whereas JJ wanted him to. And then episode 9 comes in. Boom. Luke is now saying completely the opposite tune of what he was saying in 8. He's using the force dead. He's lifting the X-wing, which is what he should have done all along. and he's using his he's holding his lightsaber. He's it's we were we were like the kids and the parents were fighting. Okay, that that's what the sequel trilogy feels like. And it was just like Kathleen was pulling the strings the entire time and we're just watching these two dudes kind of just measure each other's sabers and see who's as bigger. >> And I see your Schwarz is as big as mine. And I mean, the fact that they would even go as far as saying when you know, you have literally Luke Skywalker telling you, "Hey, we should maybe get the three of us back together for even just 30 seconds." I mean, the fact that you have to ask for 30 seconds of screen time with his co-stars from the original trilogy uh is wild. Let alone the reply of, "Well, Mark, it's not Luke's story anymore." I mean, who are these people? Honestly, who are these people that like Bob Iger, like Kathleen Kennedy, like J.J. Abrams, who take this story, this beloved franchise and story that George has written that has earned its keep of $4 billion to be purchased, which I still think is too low. The only reason they did it at 4 billion is because their stock options, which means that the price is going to rise because it's attributed to Disney, but and that's only if Disney does well. But if it was a cash deal, then I'm pretty sure it would have been five billion, six billion, something like that. But it was a bit of a good deal for Bob and for Disney to just, you know, give some stocks. So this response, you know, it's just it's wild for me to see. And I just don't think that it's very respectful. And I also don't think that Ryan Johnson's response to Mark Hamill is respectful either. when they both were sitting at the bar to discuss Luke and Mark was saying, "I fundamentally disagree with everything you've done with my character." Next to George Lucas, I would say that Mark Hamill does know Luke Skywalker arguably the best. So, if the guy is telling you that, you have to believe him and you have to maybe re-evaluate what you're doing. Go home and rethink your life. >> You want to go home and rethink your life >> kind of thing, you know? But what pains me is that these guys got paid more than George to direct. They got paid more than, you know, probably Hayden and Euan uh for the entire uh prequel trilogy just to direct this utter garbage that ultimately ruined the brand, hurt Disney's reputation, and divided the fan base. And now they got to play catchup to try and make something that can bring some fans who are like zombies at this point and apathetic, me included, back to, oh yeah, maybe I'll check it out instead of, oh my god, there's a new Star Wars coming out. I I have to go camp out the theater. Well, I guess we don't have to do that anymore. Wow, aging myself. You get what I'm saying? Like I said at the beginning of this video, I could uh just talk about the sequels and how it was mishandled till the cows come home, but that's really not going to do any good because it's in the past and I feel I've done that enough as well as my peers and everyone else on YouTube. And I think we can all be pretty unanimous on that, especially the fact that we should have had the band back together. Mark Hamill, Carrie Fischer, Harrison Ford, and we will never get that opportunity again unless it's going to be AI or some sort of thing that they do. Unfortunate to see what could have been. Hope you all have a great day. Let me know what you think about this. As always, check out the Facebook page. We're about to cross 60,000 followers. And I'll see you in the next one. Until then, remember, the Force will be with you always. [music] >> Now, fulfill your destiny. [music]