People are very puzzled when I talk about H Highiger, but they don't understand my implicit chronologization of thinkers within the history of of thought. Haidiger is an important stepping stone. I'm already assuming KJV is correct in his departure from Haidiger. I'm assuming Lan is correct in his like and and it culminating maybe in Xijek or something, right? Like I'm just talking about where you're missing. Not you, but like western leftists like you haven't gone through the Haidiger pill. And they're like, well, I want to retain my revolutionary outlook. I want to retain my Marxism. And it's like, don't worry, you'll retain it. But they're worried because they think they're going to lose something. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> And it's like you have you you're not going to lose it cuz you haven't gained it in the first place. When I was talking about the notion of the revolutionary spark, that's the faith they lack. They don't believe in a fundamental revolutionary spark. You know what? I'll go through Haidiger. I'll go through the Ayatollah. I'll go through literally every mystical whatever gibberish thinker you want. And I still believe that I'll be on the right path. I'm not scared to be tempted by other ideas because my convictions and my revolutionary outlook comes from something more fundamental than an idol. I don't have an idol. The idol is not an idea. It's not an ideal. It's not a thought. I don't have an idol. I am a Marxist because I have a continuous and present reproduction and reaffirmation of a more fundamental revolutionary outlook. And if you don't have faith in the revolutionary spark within you, you can't be a Marxist in the first place. Look at the Kodskies and the Bernstein and others. Oh, they were great Marxists, quote unquote. And why is it that Lenin had to radically break with him in the way that he did so violently and so abruptly? Because Lenin had what they didn't. He had the same intensity of the revolutionary spark. [music] [music] Would you have freedom from wage [singing] slavery and join [music] in the grand industrial land? Would you from misery [singing] and hunger [music] be free and come to your share thy command? There is [music and singing] power. There is a power in a [music] path of working. That's a [music] power. That's a power that must [music] rule in every land. Would [music] you have mansions [singing] of gold in the sky and a [music] living shank way out in the back? Would you have wings [music and singing] up in heaven to fly and starve [singing] here with rags on your back? [music] There is power. There is power [music] in a band of working men. [music] That's a power. That's a power [music] that was born in every [singing] land. [music and singing] >> [music] >> If you had enough [music] of the blood [singing] of the lamb, then join the grand industrial band. [music] If you'd rather feast off [singing] your own land, [music] then come do your share like a man. [music] There's power. There's power [music] in the end of working. There's power. >> There's power [music and singing] that across the land. [music] Oh, [music] [music] [music] heat, [music] [music] heat. >> [music] >> Come all you workers from every land. [music] Then join the grand inspir [music] [music] [music] [music and singing] of working man. There is power. >> There is power [music] that rules >> in every land. [music] >> There is power. >> There's this power that rules >> in every land. Welcome everyone to a very special episode of Escaping the Cave with Dr. Gerrio. Up to now, we've been primarily doing geopolitics conversations. Um, which is not what I initially wanted and intended for the show. I wanted it to be primarily a philosophy show, but we've had interesting situations where we bring on philosophers, we have conversations, and then after the fact is when these geniuses look up who we are, and they're like, "Wow, you guys like Stalin and Russia. I I don't want this posted." So, [ __ ] them. Uh, we have a real philosopher on today. uh my comrade, my brother Haldin, executive chairman of the American Communist Party and also the uh showrunner, one of the lead uh um well, what's the official category for infrared that you have? >> It's like anar brother. No, I'm kidding. [laughter] We don't have I mean uh on in a way though you know for infrared well I the technical thing is that I'm one of 11 showrunners >> you know the showrunner >> I've always thought of it like the the ninja turtle like the master rat the one that trains all the other ones >> this is you know what this is the second time and this has never left me that you called me a [ __ ] ninja turtle I don't know what the [ __ ] it means right >> I [ __ ] with the ninja turtle it's got to be something to do with my posture or something. I don't like it, man. It's hurting my feelings. >> It's not It's not racially nor uh posturally motiv How would that be racial? >> I don't even [laughter] This is like a This is the most racist thing anyone's told me cuz it's a racial insult that's so mysterious. >> Like I don't even know what it could mean. >> Wearing a green uh fluffy thing, too. >> Yeah, there's something. Yeah, something. There's something to that. I haven't forgot about that. Anyway, let's let's make it more serious. Right. >> I don't remember calling you a Ninja Turtle. >> You did. You did. We were at We went to the gym. You said I I uh I have a Ninja Turtle style when I left. I don't know what the [ __ ] that meant. It hasn't left me. >> It's a compliment. It's a I just I just brought down my box of old toys for my kid and it's just a bunch of [laughter] It's a Take it as a >> Yeah. If I hear if I hear about Ninja Turtles one more time, I'll lose my mind. I This is like a curse. >> Um I've I've been meaning to talk to you and I think it'd be good for us to have a public conversation about some of the statements that you have meant that you have said about philosophy, about philosophers that you identify with and draw inspiration from and take insights from. that for the outsider, for individuals that are not uh familiar with the history of philosophy and that just have a very vulgar understanding of Marxism in the worst sense of that word, um they they find problematic. So, uh, there's two that come to mind that you have addressed very briefly in one of the videos you did for the ACP channel, uh, Haidiger and Dugan. But there's also one thinker that we're both very much, uh, influenced by with it, which is, uh, Shishek. Um, as I, I think I've told you, uh, when I was doing my, uh, initial bachelor work on philosophy, I was already a communist. And naturally, I was like, well, who who's a communist and a philosopher that's alive? And the first thing that pops up is Shishak and Badu. And I just read as much as I could of them. And then I entered into this weird period in grad school because of some of the academics that that I was hanging out with where it was almost bad form to reference anyone that didn't have politically uh the same alignment as as we do as Marxist Leninists. And I uh strayed away from Shishek. And uh as those connections with you know people like Rockill and others have fallen through because of their own purity fetish and their condemnations of the ACP and stuff and of the institute. Um I I have slowly slowly gone back to rereading Shishek and I I realized that so many of you know what I would consider to be some of my best insights uh are are in part drawn and inspired by lessons that I had early on learned from him. So uh do you want to start there? What what is it that that drew you to Shishek? I actually want to uh briefly like really briefly touch on the Rockhill thing because you know look the truth is on on a on [clears throat] like a base level he's right within academic institutions especially after the '9s being an actual ML was just fundamentally unthinkable and there's a reason Xjek there's a reason you and I Carlos found Xjek because he was on the front page of YouTube because He was promoted on mainstream media because he was given a platform and a you know it's obvious that as a precondition of that he cannot align with and we don't even have a term for this yet. We could use like phrases but I actually I think there's like the free world and then there's the based world. Let's just call it that, right? There's not a chance in hell X could have aligned with the based world like you know Dugan does objectively say what you want about him he's like totally pro- North Korea totally pro every Venezuela like you name it right and like XK would not have been promote if if he did that he would have been an extremely obscure figure and that doesn't mean he would have been wrong but it would have meant that it would have been harder for people like us to find And I actually I find that an interesting paradox, you know, and it's it maybe ChSky's a little similar with respect to that. Chsky's clearly pro-establishment, clearly promoted, but at the same time, if he was more radical, he wouldn't have the reach that he does. And therefore, the pipeline for PE that people go down that ends in, you know, you and I would have been closed off, right? And so I can't be upset at Xjek for being a shill so to speak in in the way that Rockhill would say he is. And that that's just with with respect to his geopolitics. Geopolitically he's basically aligned with NATO. He's aligned with the West. But I think he is self-aware. I think he knows what it means. I don't think he's a disingenuous shill. For example, Bernard Henry Levie. Like Xjek hates that guy. Xjek hates the NATO shills who are actually just propagandists and ideologists. where Xijek I'm not saying this is the case but the way that he justifies his geopolitical alignment is a kind of mental gymnastics that reminds me of like what a persecuted heretic with like engaging in tea would do to basically mask their position which I don't think he's doing but it has that structure like he's not a naive [clears throat] idiot who's just going to be pro- NATO because, you know, well, it's the free world or whatever. Like, he definitely does have a critical distance to the ideology for sure. And to me, that critical distance to ideology, just that the I'm talking about Jes, the pop political thinker. It's that critical distance that opened up the possibility for a more radical form of engagement with Marxism. For me personally, a lot of people go down an ultralleft pipeline from Chsky to anarchism to I don't know, they go down all these crazy pipelines. Um whereas for me the very critique of ideology and critical distance toward ide ideology and narratives and whatever that Xjek skillfully employed made it quite impossible that I would have follow in his footsteps and be pro- NATO in my orientation. And the reasoning he employs, though it leads to a false conclusion, I think is a a a more correct step than the Rockhill kind of vulgar movementism, whatever you want to call it, where you're kind of taking Western leftism and then applying it to geopolitics and all of that naivity and idealism that comes with that, which I think is just woefully misguided because you're you're setting yourself up for disappointment. you know, if you're because these people have to lie to us and tell us the DPRK is like a woke country in the Western liberal humanitarian sense. It's absolutely not. There's absolutely a ruggedness, a brutality in a way of the proletarian dictatorships, which I don't think the sentiment of people like Rockhill and the sensibility is aligned with at all. Ironically, I think Xjek's sensibilities do fit more in line with the kind of Stalinist. >> In fact, there's this uh quote that I use from Shishek uh in a recent article I did for Almyadin where I draw three lessons that the the last week should give us. The first lesson is that if you're in the global south, you need nukes because if not, you're you're cooked. You're [ __ ] Um and the second one was that Stalinism was completely right. And I cite that uh Twitter post that that you had that all communist dictatorships have been fully justified. Um and I cite Shishek right after because he makes an argument which is very interesting which is that the true communist or the Leninist uh as he calls it I would say Marxist Leninist is like the authentic conservative in that they're willing to take responsibility and get their hands dirty through the act. And there's something to western leftism that even when it takes the form of these people that come to accept formally these uh states, these communist states and this tradition, uh they're not willing to take responsibility for what that means in the ways in which the states they already claim to support uh take. They're not willing to take that uh that step. And I I think it's very telling when it was that a lot of these academics came to to break with us. And I personally I I don't think their work is worthless. I think it's interesting knowing which institutions funded who. I do agree that there's a purpose behind that and that that plays an important role in the reproduction of of the existing order. Of course, and I I think it's ambiguous. A lot of these people don't think that they're subjectively uh they they subjectively interpret themselves as actual communists and insightful thinkers that want to challenge capital at the level of ideas. And it's because of that tension that on one side they can divert people uh some people perhaps away from a more uh substantial dissidence to the system but on the other side they also open up the possibility uh precisely of people going through them towards somewhere else. For me, I got to Pari through Chsky. I just you look up lectures online, you find Chsky and then somehow Pari pops up and you're like, "Wow, this is 10 times better." Would I have been able to get to Pari without Chsky? >> Who knows? Is Chky a left anti-communist? As parent said, he is, but uh there's this paradox where to get to Pari, I needed to go through Chsky. Now, that was my trajectory. I don't want to universalize that. >> Uh but there seems to be a loss. um for that ambiguity um that these thinkers play where yes they have a social function as radical recuperators or whatever the [ __ ] but they also have at the very same time the opposite social function for a lot of thinkers that's without even speaking about the fact that because their their object of critique it's very similar to ours as Marxist Leninists they could be tremendously insightful in a million different areas and if you just perform this operation of cancing them because they don't politically or geopolitically align with you because there's many things nationally that shishek has been extremely insightful about. There's lessons that we apply to the ACP that now that I have been going back to shishek I'm like oh yeah that's right that's where that's where I think we both originally got stuff from. So, you know, for instance, for me, like how do you how do you defend against the claim made by bourgeoa philosophy and bourgeoa ideologues in general in the '90s that we're in a post ideological world because of the cynical distance that everyone has to official institutions? How do you defend that without shishek's uh refocus uh towards practice and actions as the realm where uh ideology operates that rereading of that famous quote from the first part of Marxist capital they know not what they do but they do it anyways. Peter Slaughter of course adds well now today in the cynical age they know what they do but they do it anyways. But where was the ideological component? Was it in the knowing or in the lack of or was it in the doing? It was always in the doing. It was always in the act that's structured through these hegemonic institutions. If you're not reading that, maybe you can get a little bit of that through Altus, but even there it's uh the it it's not as refined as you can get it with Shishek. And if you just cancel that because he was uh he helped to overthrow Yugoslavia, which I don't think he played that [ __ ] that important of a role. um he was a part of the people that overthrew it but uh he wasn't singularly responsible or anything like that. Uh if you just dismiss that you you end up with a very poor group of thinkers that uh are not attuned to how it is that ideology is working today. >> Yeah. And um I would say a few things with respect to people like Xjek. It's oftent times that when someone, you know, look, everything is interrelated, but there's absolutely a division of labor within mental labor. And what that means is that just because somebody has good geopolitics doesn't mean they have a good philosophy or a good theory and vice versa. And often times, actually, they're inversely proportional. Someone who has horrible or neutral or just uninteresting geopolitical views has an extremely brilliant insight when it comes to philosophy. >> The case of Haidiger is is you get a total opposite, right? He's he's part of the Nazi party but at the same time what he's doing for if you want to call it philosophy or phenomenology or on top which is really something he created in a way or he inaugurated ontological thinking right um as like a general it was absolutely like a revolution in thought it basically invented what we call continental philosophy you know it's not necessarily people try people are always trying to like point out the relationship between the politics and his outlook and well how how is it that he found these things rationally commensurable and I think that's not an interesting line of inquiry because politics and philosophy are not directly the same thing someone can have because they're different spheres within this kind of total mental division of labor in a way right um so that then there's that you know um and you know look I'll go ahead and say it I think Rockhill and his followers are extremely mediocre were thinkers. They might have good scholarship in terms of their study of academia, but I don't think they're good philosophers. I don't think Rockhill has an adequate grasp of ontology and how to resolve the contemporary issues within Marxism. And make no mistake, there are definitely issues within contemporary Marxist theory that haven't been resolved. There's all sorts of things within Marxism that demand answers today. Like what what kind of world are we living in today? Markx didn't account for this. He didn't account for the possibility of this specific world emerging. Uh what about the experience in the 20th century in 20th century communism? You know, I think it was Xjek's brutal self-awareness that there were no easy answers to this end that I did find very compelling about him. the fact that we haven't adequately reflected on the communist experience in the 20th century. And while I don't agree with his conclusions, I think he did leave a pretty wide open door open for people like you and I to actually explore that question with a higher degree of flexibility, sobriety, and honesty than the the the kind of just I don't even I don't want to call them ideologists. I want to call them kind of psychotic because they have a type of psychosis where it's like they're furries. They're living in a fantasy where they're laring and they don't understand like Xjek's critique of ideology. I I I um as you know and we can get into this maybe I object to the kind of notion of ideology or that originates with Aluser. But I think what it is it's a naive narrative realism. I like this notion of narrative realism. naive narrative realism uh you know a kind of dialectical narrative realism narrative nihilism and so on and so on because I'm more interested in going back to Lon and I and his notion of the signifier I find this to be much more interesting um the signifier and the synthto you know you Lan is famous for his barome not imaginary symbolic and real but late Lan discovers that in the signifier or the synth synth that is the actual constitutive element that unites the three rings and and actually the tripart structure becomes superfluous if you really take it to its conclusion it becomes in a lot of ways superfluous I mean in the beginning it's necessary you know look I don't want to ramble but lon's tripart structure a lot of people don't comprehend this it's a chronology ology he be he began with the imaginary that's all he understood at first he realized the inadequacy of you know the mirror stage which was he was exploring which actually comes from sart right and the existentialism and that's actually like lan importing haidiger's kind of phenomenological or onlogical orientation at its purest through sart through others and so on there's cov as well in his master slave dialectic of recognition So Lon fixates on the mirror stage first right? And then there's this chronology in which he discovers and then finally he kind of finalizes he realizes well actually there's these three irreducible parts and components of what we call the constitution of the subject and Lan is interested in psychoanalysis. I'm not. I'm interested in a more fundamental understanding of how does consciousness develop? How does consciousness relate to theories or what we call ideas and narratives? What are narratives? How are they constitutive of our existence as human beings? What is the onlogical dimension of that? Is it just a kind of pure trans transcendental horizon separated from material reality? Or are narratives and signifiers and uh symptoms? Are these actually reality at its most raw and at its purest in a way right I mean it's Xjek who kind of draws out the ontological significance of Lon uh in this way now Xjek doesn't explore adequately whatsoever the most interesting aspect of Lon's thinking which is at the conclusion of his thinking symptom and and and and this notion of uh how are how is a new signifier reproduced right? Um the the reggrounding of the entire kind of tripart structure through a new signifier or symptom. Um he kind of takes a lot of that for granted that it's it's precisely an inquiry into that that made it effortless for me to leap right into Marxism Leninism. Um and I could explain that further if if necessary. But uh in any case what Xjek did explore in drawing out the ontological significance that that I found the most compelling from his thinking is that for Xjek the structure of the subject is connected to something um inherent in the real if you will and this is a kind of radical act something is radically at stake. take in our beliefs and our convictions and and the nature of those beliefs and convictions whether whether it's just a kind of circuit of producing jewance and we're enjoying our position of failure and defeat or whether it's a like I was interested from Xek in the his kind of radical notion of authenticity. What does it actually mean to believe right? What does it actually mean to be a communist? A lot of communists proclaim themselves to be revolutionaries and they have a revolutionary outlook, but there's all sorts of secret pathological ways in which they internalize their inadequacies, their failures. And as you pointed out, in the realm of doing, they're not communists. As a matter of fact, when they see ACP or they see real communist phenomena, they recoil from it in horror. There's something interesting about the way in which people can maintain a kind of ideological if you want to call it that or an imaginary um attachment to these symbols and these ideas but then when they kind of see oh no no no actually like actually it's real there's a radical break and it's it's almost like they they um reveal that all along they were never communist. So, Xijek was exploring the question, how do we take the step from our kind of um our kind of pathological symptom, our our being stuck in ideology is his way of putting it. Um, how do we take the radical step from this from being a pathological subject to being an an uh to a type of authenticity where we we do actually have there is a relationship between our convictions and the real and XK at his most fundamental it culminates in this notion of the act for XK and X said that his famous his favorite saying was the one by Napoleon, charge into battle first and then worry about the consequences later. Because the Xiian act is basically a kind of irreducible um uh it's an irreducible act. >> It's it's in the beginning was the act >> instead of the beginning was the word in the beginning was the act. >> Yeah. So the the act is this kind of um gesture if you will which engenders its own conditions of possibility. And so you kind of it's like it's like the the subject is thrusted blindly into a position without any prior justification, without any copium, without any ideological narrative, without anything. And this breaks um this breaks uh from a kind of existing horizon of conditions of possibility I guess in a badian sense right although it's distinct from Badu of course but you know he uses this language Xjek and um this is how novelty is possible for Xjek now there there there are all sorts of ways in which I don't necessarily really agree with that now like looking back but looking back this was this was a very important um intervention by Xjek to to to kind of draw out what does it mean to actually be uh an authentic revolutionary subject we live under a dictatorship of capital still which means that in order to keep up the work that we're doing we need financial contributions [music] there's many different ways in which you can help us financially. You can become a Patreon at patreon.com/midwesternarks. You can buy some of our books which you can find at midwestermarks.com/books. You can sign up for my classes and the other classes we offer with our Marxism school [music] which you can see at the Midwestery page. You can also support my work personally [music] as a writer and everything else that I do through Substack at my Substack page, which is philosophy in [music] crisis. In addition, if you want to support the American Communist Party financially, you can also donate to the party at ACP. [music] us. If you want to subscribe to the party's journal, which I am the chief editor of, you can do so at redamea.acp. [music] us. And if you can't support us financially at all, at least help us get our message out there. Share this program on your social media. Share it with your friends and family and co-workers and get it out as far and wide as possible. We thank you, dear. Can I just intervene there because I I want to rephrase some of what you're saying um because you said it very astutely in psychoanalytical language but um to to put it in uh almost like lay man's terms >> throughout most of the history of Marxist or at least in the west especially in the west they have taken the central question of ideology uh in other words why is it that there that people are not identifying with our ideas as communists or back in the day as social democrats. Why is it that people whose fundamental interests whose class interest is contrary to the dominant order and the ruling ideas, why are they identified with it? They have taken the problem always to be at the level of they have the wrong ideas and in the sense if one's aware of the distinction in how Plato and Aristotle think about ethics. For Plato, why does someone do something wrong? It's because they do not know that it is wrong. There's always a problem of ignorance at the level of thinking such that if you teach them what is right, that's all that's required. For Aristotle, you have a much more refined understanding where someone can know what is uh what is right and still not do it. You can there's this gap that can exist between what a person thinks objectively and their act. Uh, and I think that's part of what Shishek forces us to pay attention to. That's what's at stake here. If our conclusion when we see workingclass people identifying with the ruling order, not rushing to join the Communist Party or something is they're just stupid and they need education, we're never going to change anything because that's not fundamentally the level at which it operates. It's it's something much more primordial uh preconceptual in many ways which is here I I think for me in recent months where Haidiger has become very important or to be even more specific for me it'd be Dradiger a mixture of a Hubert Drafus style reading of Haidiger um because there's this whole dimension of of skillful coping in the world of being in the world that's not formally enumerated that's not uh even able to be made conceptually clear per se in terms of uh outlining it in in the form of rules etc. But that's still a form of understanding and of skillfully being in the world. And one of the things that made that click I don't remember if I told you about this or not. I was watching a podcast uh from Barry Bonds Home Run King and the Mo. uh he doesn't do many podcasts so I decided to put it on and he was trying to describe the process of coaching and uh there was something he was able to fundamentally understand when he was hitting there's a curveball outside fast ball inside that he was not able to put into words for the people that he was coaching they just had to feel it through they had to they had to go through a change at a much more fundamental level than just listening to a rule that couldn't even be enumerated formally And in that moment I thought, well, some of the most educated working classes in history have been in Europe, in Germany, in France, in England. But the revolution happened, the most important revolution I think in human history happened in Russia and in China with basically illiterate peasants. Uh so was it just this formal level of education and theory and the uh explicit ideas that people identify with or was there something much deeper that was at stake or that is at stake in in engaging in the class struggle and trying to initiate what you call revolutionary uh subjectivity uh in people trying to activate that. It's much deeper than just this formal uh very vulgar level of you have to have the right ideas. It's not about having the right ideas. It's much deeper than that. And if uh if if the western left would have continued on that psychosis of just thinking about the ideas, it would have eternally repeated what we have today, which is a lot of these western leftists, they call themselves one thing. They identify subjectively with one thing, but then when they experience it in the flesh, they shun from it. Um, so I I just want to emphasize this because I think there's something extremely practical, something very important is at stake here. and shisha could be whatever he wants but at least for me I haven't found another individual that has been able to ask the question um and to provide at least the beginning of a response the a horizon of where we should be looking at as shishek I think has been able to do so yeah and and it's it's like [clears throat] most people and I I take this for granted because I'm so far gone on the crazy train [laughter] you know but Most people, they're living life on autopilot. >> There's an immense gravity and weight and authority that compels their activity, their their movement. And you know, you know, Lan made an interesting point once and this is why it's hard for me to understand, but it explains why people are sheep and NPCs in such a profound way. You know the the for Lon the Aztecs did not sacrifice people because they wanted a gain. They wanted some extraordinary benefit. They did so because if they believe that if they stopped doing this the sun would not rise in the morning and there would be a you know a natural calamity that would befall them. So just to keep the ordinary flow of things going it was necessary to do this extraordinary thing. And that's how I think ide ideology works and these kind of naive narrative realist structures of consciousness operate. I think people implicitly pay tithes to narratives to an extraordinary kind of realism which they think is necessary for the normal flow of life. Right? And and and that's why when it comes to when they see that we don't pay these tithes or I don't pay these tithes, they they project all these extraordinary things on us, not realizing that, hey, you can just kind of not do that. [laughter] Everything will be fine, right? And with Xjek, what I what I found as a teenager, remember, I'm a teenager here. But I found extremely like compelling and just so powerful from from what he was saying and what he was writing was that if you kind of sum it up in his notion of the act to to break out of this habit of just blindly following and and and kind of disregarding the gravity and the weight of [snorts] you know what do you whatever you want to call it the ideological state apparatus or you know the um the kind of the the big other or whatever right? You have to engage in this kind of this act like a bird, you know, being pushed out of the nest, so to speak. And the key thing is that there's no prior guarantee of how that will be resolved. You don't first discover a principle or an idea and then preempt your action and say, "Well, when I do this act, when I engage in this action, whatever the action so has to happens, it could be something so small. It could be if you're in in high school, you know, for some people, maybe it's as radical as this. Maybe they're just not maybe they're just going to quit their stupid Democrat club or something. they're they're going to break out of some kind of habit whose sole function is to reinforce their ideological attachment to the status quo. Right? But in any case, um you do this and >> the reasons come after the fact. >> The reasons come after the fact, but additionally, it's not like you can preempt it and say, "Okay, I have such a certainty in this theory or this idea that I know the outcome of my actions." There has to be a radical doubt, a radical anxiety that you don't know what it's going to actually happen. And um and and you know, by the way, that's what practice means. Let's remember what is the relation of theory to practice if we're materialists. It's the practice that comes first. If the theory could preempt the outcome of practice, what's the [ __ ] point of practice? That's not practice. That's just blindly fulfilling an idea by other means. That's all it is. And by the way, that's what that's how leftists get on with life. They're conformists. They're NPCs. Their form of ideology is either voting for Democrats or as we see them behave online, they kind of instinctually side with gropers and fascists and whatever. And like they're not even realizing what they're doing, right? It's natural. It's normal to them. It's supposed to be unspoken. It's implicit. There's all of these ways they radically conform to the status quo while simultaneously maintaining these ideological pretenses in their head. And what they're saying is when the conditions are ripe, when things turn out in the right way, that's when we'll have a revolution. That's when we'll have communism. But until then, until reality meets these ideal conditions, hey, what can you say? I'm not responsible. And and as a teenager, mind you, as a teenager, I don't mean um to get too loud, wake up the neighbors. As a teenager, I found this radically compelling. And it's it's Xjek's text like repeating Lenin where he's talking about this was the essence of the Leninist position that no, we're not going to wait for conditions to get ripe. We're not going to like wait for for the ideal conditions to be met. you you you you you have to have in order to be faithful to a principle and this is something I'm working on is that what is principle you know principle because principle is more than ideal to me principal in any case to be faithful to a principle or what most people would call an idea there needs to be this radical risk you take that your first act in in in and the only inspiration you have. You you no longer have this authority. You no longer have this big other. So what do you have when you um fall into uh an act so to speak, right, Jek? And I don't want to be cringe, but this is what Jek describes like falling in love, right? He actually says this is the same thing in terms of the structure. >> He's taken a lot of that from Badu's uh uh thinking about the love encounter and the element of >> Yeah. Yeah. in the event and and the different types of events and stuff, right? But um the the falling into a a a revolutionary act or revolutionary disposition, it's kind of it's literally a fall, right? What are you falling into? because the gravity and the weight of the big other is gone, right? And um in order to actually um just begin the possibility of establishing a relationship between your actions and I mean that in the most naive colloquial sense and your principles. You have to fail first. >> Mhm. Only when you begin the act can you then even out of the failure say okay I failed but now you know I can actually measure and relate my principles to my actions like now the possibility of practice has begun I've taken the first step in the first step I've fallen and I've stumbled over but I've fallen out of a cage that's the key thing I've fallen out of an ideological prison that binds me to the status quo that binds me to existing pre-existing authorities and powers and and it's it's this from Xjek as a teenager that I I considered like no other thinker would laid it out this clearly, you know, and and it was it was so compelling to me because absolutely, you know, we create these ideological cope bubbles to neglect and and and and neglect the responsibility we have to be responsible for the relationship between our principles and our actions. And most people say, "Well, I live in capitalism. There's nothing I can do about it." That's a [ __ ] excuse because, you know, most conservatives say, "Why do you have an iPhone or whatever?" And it's like, there's kind of a grain of truth to that. Not if you take it literally, but if you take it in the sense of like, so why the [ __ ] are you sitting around and complaining? [ __ ] do something about it. And look at what we've done. People think that some big other is responsible for the ACP. They say Russia's responsible. They say we're getting money from god knows where. They some will even try to fedjack at us and say we're feds. But the godhonest truth is that we've done what you considered impossible for pathological reasons. You are like the Aztecs engaging in constant rituals of human sacrifice to maintain your sense of normaly. All we did is stop doing that. All we did is realize hey you know what you can just do this and it will be fine. And it's this kind of suspension of the most, you know, every time I see a new leftist collective form. They cannot stop addressing the big other. They start with a manifesto and the first thing they're going to do is what? They're going to immediately kind of um wrestle with what they what they think they're going to be perceived as, what expectations they're going to fulfill or not going to fulfill. they're going to immediately kind of, you know, tear down the big other. Well, this is because of the US is evil and and whatever and and yada yada yada. And it's almost like they're yearning and crying for recognition and validation. That's what they want. They're like babies crying for the big other to come and nurture them and pick them up and tell them it's all going to be okay. And this is true for pretty much 99% of the US left. They It's a cry for attention. It's a cry for um hey, you know what? you disappointed me. You know, the master the master disappointed me and they're so they're they're hysterically mounting this kind of challenge to the master. Hey, fix it. You [ __ ] it up. Fix it. Like they can't get over it. They can't just say it's past us. And that we have to be we have a there there needs to be a new dimension of responsibility for what authority we answer to that is opened up. So the ACP, what was our declaration? Our declaration was like legalistic. We're talking about the history of the CPUSA. There's no emotion. There's no whatever. And it's like that's our tradition and that's our authority, the the history of the Communist Party. And we're responsible for it and it's ours. And we need do we don't need to engage in this kind of melodrama with the big other because we know we know that actually um you can exist in reality you can avoid psychosis you can maintain a kind of normaly without the ideological rubbish and garbage of the bajgeoa hegemony you don't need avatar you don't need you don't need these teddy bears. That's what I call them on my stream. Teddy bears, right? You don't need them. You don't you don't need a teddy bear to go to sleep at night without monsters under your bed. You can just sleep. Now, it's kind of that Xjek would kind of object to that reasoning, you know, but like, well, that's kind of a naive notion that you can somehow escape ideology and and so on. And it's like, well, I'm not saying you can escape narratives, but you can absolutely establish an authentic relationship between the narrative, the real, and your place in that. Anyway, >> yeah. Uh there's a few things you said there that I think um when I was rereading Shishek, I was able to see the points where uh some of the ideas that I I think have been most important for me to develop were kind of inspired by both Shishek but specifically a shishek or shishekian reading a fagel. I think the importance of failure of taking that risk and failing I mean it's a constitutive component of success. There's this very like almost amateurish uh bodybuilding uh philosophy uh thing that you get from uh various different u bodybuilders where they talk about u I'm thinking I'm thinking I have one in mind and I can't remember his name. Uh someone's probably going to catch it. uh the blonde one that that had the massive legs, but he he said it very explicitly like you have to get to failure in order to get success. You have to get failure. And it seems like kind of like street philosophy, pop philosophy stuff, but it's absolutely true. >> Absolutely. And when it comes to like these these leftists, it it was it was paradoxical in the sense that on the one side they're scared to take the radical risk of the act uh because it could lead to failure because it could lead to uh being ostracized from the big other etc. Um but at the same time like when they looked abroad their favorite projects are the ones that failed and and collapsed uh completely and I think there's a connection to that because our favorite projects did go through failures and did have mistakes but they kept going. They had the possibility to keep going. So we were able to draw lessons as to how important failure is as a component to success and to the process. uh of revolutionary struggle. But for a lot of these people, it ends in failure. Those are their favorite projects. The ones that just collapsed but had a very pure uh first few months or first few years. Chile Zende or Sankara or all of these projects that you know they were cool while they lasted but they failed and their failure was the end and that's it. They didn't have to deal with the day after the failure. How the [ __ ] do you recoup? >> They didn't have to deal with responsibility. >> Exactly. That's the big thing. And that's why a lot of these people, they'll call themselves Marxist Leninist. They'll put symbols on their bios on X or whatever the [ __ ] But in many ways in the the form of carrying things out that authentic conservative that Shisha talks about that's willing to commit to the consequences of their action and take responsibility is much closer to the modus operandi of a Marxist Leninist than any of these leftistars who are literal they're rooted in liberal uh irresponsibility a a lack of commitment for the actions and the consequences thereof because they oper operate at the realm of the ideal and as soon as things get messy, they back up and and it's like, well, I don't want to do this anymore. I don't want to be held responsible because it broke with how uh I envisioned it in my head. And the spirit of my critique of the purity fetish was precisely that. Like for most of the left, the the MAGA working class were were too dirty. Why would you engage in that? You know, that's setting you up for failure. Why would you even try MAGA communism as a speculative project? It's it's going to fail and burn. Why try it? Why take that leap of jumping out of the pre-existing political [ __ ] uh uh diagram uh whatever it's called, the four little boxes? Why take the leap of trying to break out of the dominant paradigm in which the ruling institutions are able to capture well who's authoritarian right, libertarian, right? Authorit why why why take that leap? Um why take that risk? It's going to it's going to lead you to failure. So yeah, I don't know. I I'm interested in hearing uh how how do you get to Haidider because I know for me I spoke a little bit of this uh just now. It was I remember seeing the post uh the article that you did why Marxism is now woke and I was very luxox at the time and I was like Haidiger is irrationalism that leads to postmodernism and gender theory and Butler and that's wokeism par excellence. That was my reaction at at the moment. Uh and it wasn't until maybe a few months ago where I went uh back to reading Haidiger specifically through the sources that I had originally read it through which was uh Hubert Drafus's book being in the world and uh that's when it all clicked because it emphasized this dimension of like just being in the world that cannot be reduced to formal thought. Uh but how did you get to Haidider? Well, um [snorts] I I wanted to say one one other thing really quick. >> Yeah, go ahead. >> The thing about practice and failure is that it's the same way AI works. In the beginning, it's garbage, but it has to fail in order to eventually get it right. Right. uh because that's what creates the kind of relationship in the first place that makes success possible. The relationship has to begin as failure. It can't begin with success. It's a one in a million chance. Anyway, regarding the question of H Highiger, um, oftentimes intellectuals, I guess I don't know what to call it, will base their reasoning off of like post talk, right? Like based on how it fits in their existing view. And I I want to avoid that here in terms of like how did I go from Xjek to just recognizing actually H highaidiger's first step I eventually came to a conclusion through Xjek especially through Badu and and others who I thought were especially wrong right I thought Xjek brought things to their radical limit when it comes to philosophy in in in the 21st century like um he was not coping in ways that they were coping basically right um and I by the way I think Xjek's pmics and critiques of uh the kind of neopinosis badu and others it's unmatched like it's it's not it's not just unmatched it's unanswered nobody's answered it he's just been dismissed by like Rockhill as a fed or he's a crazy guy but nobody's actually responded to his critiques so he has left like the final page in the development of, you know, this specific line of of this school of thought right? That maybe begins with Haidiger, right? But it but at the end of the day, the the posth Hyidarians were all interested in restoring the integrity of philosophy after Haidiger. They were interested in restoring the integrity of philosophy specifically as the highest uh and and and most fundamental way in which we can relate to being and that's kind of something Haidiger precisely debases like at the outset and you know Badu his kind of neoplatinism seeks to fulfill this. It's a it's a new it's a neo neo neo neo neoplatinism or whatever right but it's a specifically a platinism that is developed in response to haidiger and xjek is the most brilliant of all in in ways because he takes the kind of lacanian subject which is internally split and desentered and so on and so on it's it's the subject of object a right and um it's not a sub it's not a fully constituted ideal subject. It's an it's a subject, you know, um that can be described with terms like lack or excess or incompleteness and so on and so on or an object if you will, right? His understanding of the real that reality is ontologically incomplete. And out of this imminent negativity right this negation there Xijek rediscovers or attempts to rediscover the originary kind of sanction of the privileging of thought in the form of ideas and he makes this leap without any kind of mediation and this is kind of my critique of Xjek simplified he concludes let's just say with any number one of his any any number of his kind of onlogical conclusions like reality is ontologically incomplete, right? Um so there's an imminent negation there that's implied by that in his notion of being in and reality and he goes from there to the idea right away with no mediation like the negativity that grounds thought that's the subject. Okay, the subject is this kind of self-relating negativity. It's Lon Freud's death drive and so on and so on. Um it's cartisian subject. It's a self-relating negativity and how that is how how that can be kind of um how what's the right word how how that can be kind of articulated within a framework of of an ontology right Xjek very comprehensively estab I mean he is an extremely comprehensive thinker right his his ontology is it's it's it's a very thorough way in which he kind of articulates how does a subject emerge out of the real right if you will out of the how being itself is. But if if you you go to any number of these conclusions that you can look at it from, right? Uh what what do I mean by that? Like if you take any number of possible conclusions you could draw from that depending on how you look at it, he rediscovers the kind of the substance of thought. What is a thought? Right? Like square one. Okay. So this is the negativity of the subject. So therefore right a thought is this kind of um it's a kind of activity of this subject. It's a kind of expression of this subject. So this is how you you you reenter this kind of kingdom of idealism that Mark so thoroughly critique Hegel and the young Hegelians for dwelling within. Right? You heek found a way through materialism in his own words to um rediscover that That's kind of his whole stick, right? To rediscover the basic justification for the Hegelian idealism. >> Do you think that flows from the critiques of Haidiger that uh he carries out? >> Yes, precisely. Because for Xjek um Haidiger Xjek was trying to take Haidiger and go full circle basically re um articulate a justific and Lan to be fair was which was more ambiguous and more interesting than Gjek um and Gjek takes many unwarranted liberties with Lon's notion of the the Cartisian subject. Why? Because what did Lon say? He said, "I think where I am not and I am where I do not think." And that is how Lon rehabilitates the cartisian subject as an imminent negativity or incompleteness within the real, right? Or a blind spot of some kind, an indetermination. Now, there there is a way to salvage that from the point of dialectical materialism. I think Lan was a dialectical materialist and he said he was, right? So, you could salvage that. But Xijek takes too much liberties with the Cartisian subject. Um because for I need to rewind and talk about Haidiger again because what Lan was responding to Haidiger was that Haidiger wanted to debase the privilege significance of the Cartesian subject as kind of well this has this is like a you know this treats being as a being. This is not a fundamental horizon of being right. Um this is a specific disclosure of being according to a kind of specific frame, right? And well, Lon calls into question the the the the the truism of philosophy since Pararmmenes, right? I'm saying it right. Which is that how how do I say it? >> Parminadities. >> Parmenities. >> Close enough. which is that which is the identity of thought and being that being uh that uh what is it language is the house of being and that being and thinking are the same and by the way Haidiger did not break from this view right but Lon actually returns to Decart by um violating this basic assumption or calling into question this basic assumption and then finally Um, Xjek basically, if I have to radically simplify his critique of H Highiger, Xjek basically is trying to say that the onlogical distinction Haidiger points out is itself inherent in being that there's there's something about the nature of being that is responsible for the very distin distinction Haidiger you know talks about being capital B and being small B right and that this is not a a mistake of of subjectivity this is actually how the real it's this is the basic Hegelian displacement right taking the thing that is term the terms of the contradiction between the subject and the object and placing that back into the object right um so this is kind of critique of Haidiger and then From there like from this understanding of the difference within the real that being is split it's an it's split within and so on and so on. This is how Xijek then justifies philosophy his book um sex and the failed absolute it's absolutely about this but in [snorts] this way Xek he does almost what Hegel does at the end of his life. Xijek then justifies philosophy as the kind of most authentic most radically authentic relationship a subject can have to the real that in this way the cause of the philosophy and the um product of the philosophy come together right and and they're they're made harmonious and concordant with one another this is how Xijek resolves everything he reggrounds the the very thing you said would happen happened >> I told you I told you it would >> edit that out. Edit. You have to edit that out. That's blasphemy. That's [ __ ] sacrilege. >> Anyway, >> if I can just intervene, this is in part why in the Lenin book you referenced. >> What's his lesson? Even though the the importance of the act, all of that, but what's the lesson? Uh for too long, I I think this is an explicit quote from it. For too long, we have interpreted uh Marx's 11 thesis. Um uh >> philosophers have only interpreted the world in various ways. The point however is to change it. For too long we have focused on changing and change it. Now it's it's time to think. >> That's what he concludes. He's like we have to go back and just think. >> Yeah. And I think exactly. And then he final but in in his philosophy he he finalizes this. I think he does this. I would say where I where it convinced me that he does this is in sex in the failed absolute like finally like before there's some ambigu where he's going with it but then he kind of explicitly adopts a scholastic orientation in this book like literally modeled off of like medieval scholasticism and and just like how Hegel I think ended his philosophy with a false reconciliation which is the philosophy of right I think does the exact same thing It's a false reconciliation um between you know um between being and thinking so to speak or between you know the um the onlogically incomplete reality and and uh you know the the content of subjectivity or whatever like he resolves this into the I think he makes an unjustifiable leap. I think there's something missing there between the leap from his kind of notion of the onlogical incompleteness of reality so to speak I mean to simplify it and the um this precise gap and space out of which the ideality right beginning with Plato emerges. No, there's a there's there's a fire from Heracitis that's there that Xjek totally skips over. Um and and and that fire can give rise to other determinations other than ideas. And so this is where for me Stalinism via Boris Groce and the notion of the dialectic of content and form became instantaneously instantaneously. I didn't need to be like be won over um by Grover. I was already familiar with Grover Fur. I was won over by this this um a a materialist critique of Xjek's conclusion is what led me to Marxism Leninism because then it became instantly clear that there's a more fundamental kind of practice in the form of the party organization in the form of state governance in the form of uh statesmanship and the pro the logic of the proletarian dictatorship and this this experience which while not a philosophy while not conforming to an ideal is itself its own kind of language. It's not the language of pure thought and pure thinking but it has determination. It has structure. It has form and it's specifically how Boris Groys points out how from the Soviet avantgard you get socialist realism. And then it was my aha moment. The high point of the Soviet avanguard which is kind of pure modernism, pure kind of uh veneration of the self negating uh u negativity of the subject, self-relating negativity of the subject and so on and so on. when we draw out the reconciliation of that I write about this in my first not my first one of my submissions when I talk about cov and and how the self- relation of the universal and homogeneous state that's what creates the civilization state dugan talks about or jewe does right >> but in any case from this move you get determination for xjek determination equals ideality that is a wrong assumption determination doesn't have to be an idea. A determination out of this kind of fire of Heracitis, if you will, right? Doesn't have to be the Platonic idea. It can also be a more fundamental kind of structure or something recent I like to call a resonance, right, of the material real of the symptom and how we name these things. That's the signifier. Like our first way of naming that is the signifier, right? And then it's like but once you name that all the determinations and all of the symptoms across the entire fabric of our social reality and history and this is what was brilliant I got from Boris Royce. All of that suddenly um uh becomes part of one order. And it was brilliant how Boris Groce described in in the movement from so uh the Soviet avanguard to socialist realism that is how the Soviet ideologists under Stalin that's how they were able to establish a newfound relationship to the past and before I thought Stalinism was just a return to vulgar Russian nationalism and it was you know it was the end of the interesting revolutionary thing but it's Boris scroys who points out no it was a radical reinterpretation of the Russian national existence and the Russian national past that it's like a reconciliation where the the the the determinations of the national forms throughout Russian history Alexander Nevki the the you know I Ivan Grozny and and the various symbolisms and cultural artifacts of Russian civilization these no longer have to be associated with Tsarism or or petty Russian nationalism because the actual process out of which they acquire real material determination can now be understood because the same thing happened in the revolutionary experience. Socialism in one country is a way to rediscover how do civilizations acquire determinate forms? What do these actually mean? Right? So there was this kind of >> new >> it was like a Rosetta stone basically to to radically reassimilate the entire Russian national past and this radical density of Stalinism Marxism Leninism which which you find in China as well today especially today with Xihinping but even under Mao that has not been explored in western thinking and I think you need to go through Xjek and Haidiger and so on to get it and that's why I begin with infer read. I'll let you go in a sec. To to understand Marxist Menism in the west, we need H Highaidiger because we need to disentangle ourselves from this [snorts] specific horizon of being which prevents us to understand the crucial moment of reconciliation from high Soviet revolutionary fervor avengard to socialism in one country. What actually happened there? And that is the key to understanding and and that retroactively by the way makes sense of Lenin and what Lenin did. Lenin was not just some kind of if you read repeating Lenin which is a great text would make it out to seem like Lenin was just this wristic. No, Lenin. >> Finally, I'll just say this. Stalin was the most faithful student of Lenin because this is what Lenin does with his revolutionary strategy, which was absolutely a radical resignation compared to European social democracy. because he understands how out of the Heraclesian flux of the Russian peasantry determinations relevant for modern civilization are emerging. And it's precisely this movement that Lenin himself brilliantly institutionalizes so to speak in the very form of the Bullsh party. But please go ahead. Yeah, I wanted to make a statement um because I I think the light in which you're presenting Stalinis as a civilizational thinker as a thinker that sheds light on the civilizational dimension in Marxism that that's a genuine contribution and what better area to see that than his uh pmics on linguistic >> it's a fundamental I think contribution that you have there where it's like is it the superructure? No, it's is it the base? No, no, no. It's something almost much more fundamental. >> And I think in in in retrospect, we can see that part of what he was pointing out was this deeper civilizational reality that can take a wide variety of different forms of production. [laughter] >> I haven't read my Dugan, but if that's what's in Dugan, I >> according to the Western perceptions of Dugan is this scary particularist. It's Stalin who was the first duganist if in that sense precisely because of the book you just the writing you just his intervention in the in the question of linguistics because what does that actually mean if language is not a super structure that means there is no universal base so to speak which determines language that means there's no universal formula for the linear development of mankind. That means that each civilization with its with all the diversity of languages that exist represent distinct modes of production. That because for Stalin, a language is more like a mode of production. Sorry, a means of production, but it's not just a means of production because it's like this radical base, you know, >> even deeper. >> It's even deeper than a base. Yeah. Yeah. It's even deeper than a base. And um it's it's something that is uh uh transhistorical in the Marxist sense. It radically transcends modes of production. If there is any kind of like you said, civilizational framework that transcends mode of productions. Hey, we're in Dugan's ballpark here. You know, >> you don't have to agree with with everything Dugan says, but like that's his that's the ballpark he's working with more or less. >> You know what's Stalin is demonized for the whole fivestage things. You look at the left and uh I I did some translation work early on for Alvaro Ainetta and one of the things he's critical of of Stalin and the second international entrky is the schematized five stages that every society goes to and without any attention to particular context and all that stuff but it's in Stalin precisely that any Marxist that wants to be attuned to civilizational particularities of a people that's That's that's where it's at. That's the first uh thinker that pays very explicit attention to this deep. Now, of course, he's not pulling from anywhere. I think this is all implied in the classics of Mark Engles and Lenin. the first person to shed light on this in a very explicit way that gives us tools for thinking about this deeper dimension of a civilizational reality, civilizational doai uh if you wish uh that a people have that uh uh that sustains throughout the different particular modes of production that it goes through is solid. I wanted to pull out here um uh it could be the last point we make regarding Haidiger but in in one of the articles that Shishak does uh critiquing Haidiger the Hegel versus Haidiger one he makes a very interesting statement that Haidiger is good for neurotics but but not for psychotics because neurotics uh operate they're torn but they still operate within the symbolic order and psychotics are the ones that break with the symbolic order that actually have the capacity to take that act that goes beyond and Haidiger does not account that and I was expecting as I was reading the article um which was I think the first time I encountered Shishek's critique of Haidiger for this to be a refinement of of that framework you know and uh it ended up just turning back towards the subject which I I didn't appreciate I I know we talked about this a little bit um through DM before but I still like the turn away from the notion the Cartisian notion of the subject. I like Dasai as a way of thinking about the the human being but uh Haider I mean Dugan uh the third very problematic uh thinker uh is that just what you take from Dugan that understanding of civilizational doin that existence >> no I think Dugan's idea of logos is a is the step in the right direction it's idealist istic um especially how he draws it out but structurally it's the right step and what I mean by that is that the the the the particularization of dosign turning dosign into a kind of object capable of self- relation and and determination and so on and so on. I think things get very interesting there because what we're basically doing more or less is we are we are allowing modes of production to be turned into objects. A mode of production understood not as this kind of transcend transcendental totality that's always out of frame but something that actually is like um has like an objectal status and uh can be defined you know not defined necessarily like a in a textualist sense but defined in a kind of sense of what principles govern the mode of production what is the underlying logic of a mode of production, the logos, right? And how does that reproduce um what we would call a a doine, right? Um we're tempted to say tempted to say subject, right? But of course, that's one-sided. So, uh Dugan is a very brilliant thinker. um even if you don't agree with his conclusions which I don't uh because he is very interested in in in understanding you know what makes a people a people and he doesn't explore this question in a directly metaphysical way and what I mean by that he doesn't care to entertain notions of of of you know the real racists today are the ones who are kind of trying to be scientific about it. Like what makes a people a people is that they have a biological selection of DNA, DNA. Dugan doesn't give a [ __ ] about any of that. And this is the creepy [ __ ] Uh that's the real white nationalism or whatever. They that's what you ask a white nationalist what makes your race a race? They'll be like, well, it's my HLO group and my DNA. Like all some other kind of [ __ ] nonsense, right? So it's philistinism. And then he also won't simply be interested in and in and saying it's the ideas it's the values you know in terms of like well it's you know like Joe Biden says well America is defined by this value this idea right Dugan kind of like Xjek is getting in the nitty-gritty of like the formation of of subjectivities to for lack of a better term it's an intensely psychological dimension if you will that he's exploring which he absolutely gives expression to through various kind of poetic devices which I like. I just [ __ ] with his writing style big time and uh you know a kind of mysticism for sure to produce this kind of you almost need a kind of altered state of consciousness getting outside of the box of you know this strict rationalism of of Cartisian rationalism, if you will, right? >> In this kind of psychedelic reality, things get very interesting and they they have determination. It's not just a bunch of jumbled nonsense. There's patterns and they make sense, right? There's like a deeper rationality uh to how he describes these things. And he draws from, you know, the entire cannon of Western esoteric literature. He's drawing from um ancient uh studies in mythology and anthropology and so on. And so when he he's kind of putting all of these together in ways that attempt to kind of derive and get to the the essence and the substance of like what makes a people a people, what how are people's values? How can we define these values? What are these values? Right? [snorts] And some people may see metaphysical gibberish. What I see is an extremely interesting presentation of dialectical distinct dialectical relationships and determinations like in his understanding of the west or Europe he says well this is a relationship of uh of Apollo Dionis and cibil the tripart whatever structure and it's like you don't have to take that literally though you can actually derive a dialectical logic he's trying to describe you know between for example example, um, European rationalism, uh, this kind of more, um, ecstatic side of of death drive or whatever, right? And then uh you know in the case of Cibil this spec specific I mean you if you if you really thought about these things these conceptual devices that Dugan invents and you think about them thoroughly enough you could really get a pretty you could map this on to a very meticulous like understanding of the mode of production. Some people are content to with the enigma of the commodity form. But you know there's a lot it doesn't end there. Basically there's more forms than the commodity form so to speak. In fact the commodity form has more determination than it lets on. It's not simply a substanceless universal form or whatever. This is how it is according to a very strict legal framework of universal equality. That was the ideal of the French Revolution. The ideal was never fulfilled. Let's remember that. So when Markx talks about the commodity form and he's talking about capital in the abstract, he is talking about an abstraction because these are all embedded in a much more determinate uh kind of form, right? Uh much more determinate patterns of civilization. the the one that is pure and excised of all of that rubbish medieval rubbish or whatever that was the ideal of the French revolution many people presume that the ideal of bourgeoa equality and formalism would prevail totally and absolutely that's what Alexander Kojv said the same thing with his notion of the universal and homogeneous state but in actual fact that was just an ideal the universal and homogeneous state today is the American empire and is this truly a universal and homogeneous state. No, it's precisely heter heter um >> heterogeneous. >> Yeah, heterogeneous. Heterogity reemerges in the conflict zone. This is what I talked about in my article. So, we have to go to war and fight against these partisan gerillas. They are the ones giving determination to this state of ours, right? And today with the Trumpism, you know, the Americanism is being defined in like a white nationalist, you know, I don't know, European nationalist framework of like, well, we're just the white people, I guess. We're a specific race after all. So, um, and that's a natural outcome of the abstraction of liberalism. And then you see China and Russia who also have this kind of universalism but they explicitly acknowledge the formal determination that arises from understanding the self- relation of the universal right of the universal and homogeneous state in so far as it itself affects itself as its own object. determination reemerges, particularity reemerges in a way that is not nihilistic as in the case of the US empire. >> It understands universals through a concrete like >> and that enables the possibility of recognition. >> Yeah, >> Russia can recognize different ethnicities and peoples within its civilizational state. The same is true for China because the framework for recognition self-recognition is there and therefore the possibility of recognizing others. >> Yeah. It's interesting uh there's a statement that Shishek makes in uh one of his movies I think uh a per a pervert's guide to ideology that one of the interesting things about this attempt at always achieving uh this universal or formulating it and I think he's referring to an abstract universal but u is that there's always an other that's outside that's not invited uh that's not included Um and uh that that's I I think that's poor excellence the logic of of bourgeoa philosophy and of bourgeoa universalism. Uh I want to ask one more philosophy related question because we've been at it for quite a while now. Uh, one of the other enigmas I think when I encountered you and your thought was French theory and uh, how you draw from French theory and this is of course another area where uh, those sympathetic with Rockill are not happy. Um, cuz all of that just just gets tossed out and for me it was the ways in which that was a precondition for like a lot of Judith Butler and a bunch of gender theory [ __ ] But um what what do you draw from French theory uh proper? I draw from Alexander Kojv and all his descendants and uh I draw from uh and well I mean it depends on how you look at that because some of the descendant descent is indirect but you know there's a line from cov to batai and then to lon >> and then that same line through lon let's say goes through dillos and all these kind of thinkers cross-pollinate. Leotard and even Deredai I think is an interesting thinker and uh Bodriard Bodilard. How do I say his name? >> Bodriard. Yeah, >> Bodriard. I think these are the most brilliant thinkers the west produced in the 20th century. Among them, you know, I think among western Marxists, and I just mean this in a geographical sense, the preeminent thinker to me is Antonio Groky who is unrivaled. You know, the rest are garbage to me. Like Lucox is the beginning of the end, right? And I if you know the choice is not even H highaidiger versus Lukox. I think it's kind of Gsky versus Lux in a lot of ways. And I think it's interesting because Italy was the if there's any country in the west that could have gone communist, it was Italy, >> right? >> And that's not a it's not a coincidence. Gromsky was such a brilliant thinker. He came from a country that had a brilliance of possibility when it came to going communist both in the post-war period and and before. What what's interesting was when I first encountered uh your stuff on Haidiger um I had just finished reading Lucian Goldman's book on Luc and Haidiger where he makes the argument that basically some of the central ideas in Haidiger were knockoffs from Luc and uh I couldn't make sense of how is it that Hos on one hand is attacking uh Luc and upholding Haidider. What's what's going on here? And you know I a lot when people are very puzzled when I talk about Haidiger but they don't understand my implicit chronologization of thinkers within the history of of thought. Haidiger is an important stepping stone. I'm already assuming Kojv is correct in his departure from Haidiger. I'm assuming Lan is correct in his like and and it culminating maybe in Xijek or something. Right? Like I'm just talking about where you're missing. Not you, but like western leftists. Like you haven't gone through the hideigore pill. And they're like, "Well, I want to retain my revolutionary outlook. I want to retain my Marxism." And it's like, "Don't worry, you'll retain it. Go through the >> like a video game where there's like maps that they haven't gone through that they should go through." >> Yes. And they're worried, but but they're worried because they think they're going to lose something. >> Yeah. Yeah. And it's like you have you you're not going to lose it because you haven't gained it in the first place. That's why my the we don't have time to talk about it, but when I was talking about the notion of the revolutionary spark, >> that's the faith they lack. They don't believe in a fundamental revolutionary spark. You know what? I'll go through Haidiger. I'll go through the Ayatollah. I'll go through literally every mystical whatever gibberish thinker you want. And I still believe that I'll be on the right path. I'm not scared to be tempted by other ideas because my convictions and my revolutionary outlook comes from something more fundamental than an idol. I don't have an idol. The idol is not an idea. It's not an ideal. It's not a thought. I don't have an idol. I am a Marxist because I have a continuous and present reproduction and reaffirmation of a more fundamental revolutionary outlook. And if you don't have faith in the revolutionary spark within you, you can't be a Marxist in the first place. Look at the Kodskies and the Bernstein and others. Oh, they were great Marxists, quote unquote. And why is it that Lenin had to radically break with him in the way that he did so violently and so abruptly? Because Lenin had what they didn't. He had the same intensity of the revolutionary spark that Marx and Engles had that had been forgotten by all Marxists during his time. All of them. Even Rosa Luxembourg, may she rest in peace, but even Rosa Luxembourg didn't fully get it. Lenin had this intensity, this I this intensity and acuity of comprehension of the same kind of subjective compelling factors that drove marks and angles to every conclusion that they did to every uh path that they took. The rest forgot about that. Right? So, it's like people should not fear they're going to lose their revolutionary convictions by taking hard pills that contradict the superficial form of those convictions. Because the superficial attachment, the wrong ways you're articulating revolutionary consciousness in practice correspond to zero results. >> Yeah. >> Inadequacy, ineffectiveness, and failure. So, these risks need to be taken. If I tell you you need to accept Haidiger was correct and you know what you know what actually brought me to Haidiger like in because I didn't actually even talk about that. It was my rereading of Markx after my dissatisfaction with Hegel with Xjek's reconciliation. I wanted to go back to Marx and understand what what was Marx's critique of Hegel because Xek presents us a rendering of this critique which is false. Markx wasn't an empiricist. He wasn't a naive realist or whatever. That the the substance of his critique wasn't let's stop philosophizing and just return to naive reality. There's a specific procedure Markx pulls Jesus Christ. >> Yeah, I'm going to get killed or by a ghost or something. There's a specific procedure that Markx engages in from Hegel to Marx, right? his position which has something to do with Hegel's dialectical logic um being um the the entire meaningfulness of the entire enterprise of Hegelian thinking and the entire system acquires concreteness for marks in a specific way such that the the the real essential concrete thing was under our noses the entire time and it was always there this kind of always thereness that you kind of get in Lon actually with his notion of subjective destitution right but this is the move pulled by Marx it's a very radical thing like man as the highest essence for man means the entire brilliance of the Hegelian system is a it's an attribute of the material being of man and this is a return to being to thinking about being in the first place before ideality before ideas. So this is a kind of primordial orientation [snorts] Markx initiates in his notion of species being and [snorts] to me um that should be cross referenced with Haidiger in the same in almost in the same now where H highaidiger doesn't return to a being Marx does but who is Marx's being Marx's being is man but what is Man, man is the thing [snorts] that reconciles our entire the entire procedure and process of thought in the first place. So man for for Markx is not a zoological being. It's not a anatomical you know physical being necessarily. More fundamentally for for Markx, man is the determination of something that initially appears solely suspended in thought. And and for Markx, this is actually our thoughts, however dialectical and whatever profound, these are a reflection of something already here in the real. And and and and this is what we're merely reflect. This is what we're giving expression to. So for example, when Xi says reality is onlogically incomplete, what does that actually mean? It means our thoughts that that there is act this is my way of critiquing XEK from Markx. It's not that reality is onlogically incomplete. It's that our specific horizon of reality via thought is necessarily incomplete with respect to its own material essence. Going back to Lon's rendition of Decart, I think where I am not and I am not. Sorry. And I am where I do not think. That's what's responsible for the the a kind of appearance of an incompleteness because we're suspended dialectically in a material reality that and and and and that cannot be conditioned by thought by the terms and conditions of how it's reflected in our thinking. And who precisely was the thinker in the 20th century who emphasized that fact strongly the strongest even on a even on a a stereotypical level it was Haidiger we're thrown into it before we can think about it and and my interpretation of Haidiger or my response to him if you will is that thought can never give total totality to [snorts] our being. Part of our being is always obscured to it. Um because the thought itself is part of it. So the totality, the whole if you will, right? Um, by the time that we render all of that into thought and reflect it, there's a new totality, right? It's I almost actually at the time I was on [snorts] this line of inquiries like a final thing. I was even exploring the question of really stupid question, but I kind of I haven't heard a compelling response to it. It's like what if the paradox of the big bang is precisely that every time we try to measure a starting point we spend time we expend time and after having expended that time as an observer to discover the starting point we have drifted away from it so so there's no starting point or maybe a starting point is a kind of illusion or it's a kind of structure that we create but in in actual fact we can never get it because we're within it. We are continually part of the process of >> horizon that horizon right it's always moving like when we say okay it's here >> the time we it took to expend to discover the hearness of where all being originated from or whatever right the starting point already shifted um further back if you will right um and every time we try to catch it we try to catch it we can't there's that infantessimal gap that object a the whole kind of thing Lan described of the the the symptom of the subject and Zuan says object A and this continual cat and mouse chase you can never catch the mouse or whatever right of desire and so in any case >> we're not quick enough to live in the west >> what do you mean I didn't get that >> you don't know you don't know the expression we're not quick enough to live in the west >> no >> whenever you just miss something it's like you're not quick enough to live in the west >> I'm hearing that song And it's the same thing. You're you go grab it and as soon as you go grab it, it's always quicker than you. It moves. >> Yeah. >> Before you can even move to get it. >> I wanted to say something about a point you made earlier with which I thought was uh brilliant. I think at its core what these people have is insecurity about their commitment to Marxism such that uh they have this deep fear of eclecticism. They don't want to fall into eclecticism. And so, uh, the combination of their insecurity and their fear of eclecticism, they see a guy drawing insights from Haidiger, Dugan, uh, Shishek, French theorists, and they're like, "What the [ __ ] is this? This is eclecticism. I'm not even going to explore it because it presents an even worse danger than reading any one of these guys. It's like all of them, it's like this monstrosity." And at its core, I think it's a lack of faith in the fact that you can go through all of that. You can pull stuff from all of that and still be not only still be, but the way to be a real Marxist Lenin is to have is to have the faith to go through all of that and stay true to your commitments. And that's one of the things that um this is why even early on when um I wasn't fully sold either on Haidiger or or any of the stuff uh I never wanted to critique because it's like it was evident that the Marxism Leninism was there. There was no [ __ ] the essence of eclecticism is this diluting of Marxism turning Marxism into something it isn't. I see that a hell of a lot more in the people that fear the eclecticism than I've ever seen it in you. Maybe I have such a disregard for that fear that people have because maybe I'm like an Islamic terrorist. You know, maybe maybe I'm trying to make a point that the real cited in our Wikipedia. I hope you know that where we told >> maybe maybe the point I'm trying to make is that you know the real thing the real faith it's not an ideal. The these all ideals deserve to be debased and torn apart from within in every kind of [ __ ] which way so that we can get the true colonel the real essence and I remain a Marxist I guess and and and that has order and structure like I'm a Marxist Leninist I'm a Marxist but that's not an ideal to me that is a that is a um that is a like structure that is like a language of practice >> a way of being in the world >> yeah that's it's a language of practice Are you kidding? Like that is the Quran to me. Marxism, Leninism. Like that's not a series of [ __ ] ideals. Every ide ideologist is [ __ ] wrong from the get-go. Why? Because they're these are [ __ ] sitting around doing nothing. >> Like I'm not I'm saying this even in a vulgar sense. Like like even Lysenko was growing crops. He's doing something, right? literally he was the the crop yields were higher. So you know um there's a default like wrongness to ideology that I insist on. I think ideology is inherently false. >> I know that both late Altuser and Jek have a very refined understanding of ideology. >> I think especially late Altuser I think right ideolog ideology and ideological state apparatuses. When does he write those 60s right? Uh yeah, I want to say 70s. Actually, >> is it is it his earlier or later text there's a there's something he writes in um 1970. So later I believe in four marks. There's an essay he publishes later. >> I think >> what >> four marks I think is >> four marks. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. I must be in rooting them. It could be inverting them. But where he writes about his understanding of ideology as a I don't want to get into it. I'll just share. By the way, he's the most boring [ __ ] thinker. >> Horrible writer. >> He is the worst writer from the entire like I hate I think his one of the things that made me despise Spinosism was precisely Aluser's cuz it's this dry it's it's precisely like Spinoism. Spinosza's such this he's this ruthlessly boring materialist and it's torture. It's [ __ ] torture. And it's like I don't want to get anti-Semitic here so I won't [laughter] >> referencing the parts of Stalin in the problem of linguistics the talmudic formulist and [ __ ] [laughter] >> Oh my it's so dry and [ __ ] boring. I want to kill myself reading Aluser. He's the worst writer ever. And just getting anything good out of him takes so much. I mean, this is how Paul must have felt rumaging through the old Talmud or old, you know, testament texts or something and deriving the light of Christ. [laughter] Sorry, that's enough anti-semitism, guys. Um, well, yeah, I know. Alus is a horrible writer, but okay, back to what I was trying to say. Um I I think ideology is inherently wrong. Um I do disagree with Aluser fundamentally about you know he he defines ideology in a way I object to. Um and also which GJ takes for granted, right? But um you know to me uh I I think that the necessity of the altusian notion of ideology which you see in GI as well is that well should we return to a naive realism and no absolutely not. That's why I'm I'm more interested in kind of that's why Dugan is so interesting. You know, if you really think about it, you take away this dogmatic notion of ideology and you start filling that in with other things, things can get get interest. You can still understand how reality has this kind of special determination, not just being this kind of the one-sided substance or object of empiricism and still be rational and determined and stuff. and like Dugan's notion of logos, logo and and and I'm kind of exploring the notion of I call it principle, right? That's what I call it, principle. And principle is a beautiful word kind of because it's like you know the Bible how it says we're not governed by whatever it's principalities and uh principle is like the the the tendency of um the governing tendency of of things you know and understanding things in a doozian sense as kind of like fields of intensity and pure becoming and so on and so on but then understanding how these are malformed by principles principles that have specific orientations and tendencies. So, it's like you can combine Lan's notion of symptom and and and symptom with that or whatever. But, it's like that's what I'm interested in more. But, um that is the the the key thing is that these are praxiological, which is a term that the Austrians stole, which would have been great if we kept it. These are kind of praxiological notions which imply a relationship of thought to practice and vice versa. Not a relationship of thought just to itself. That's what ideology is. It's if you want to put it in new gen terms, it's just various different coping mechanisms for being a [ __ ] coke old wage slave or being a kind of [ __ ] you know, conformist or whatever, political conformist. It's like all the things that are preventing you from really adopting an authentic revolutionary subjectivity or outlook and the ability to actually bravely act upon that, you know, in ways that contradict. And and you know the thing you mentioned about psychosis I guess the final thing I say the problem with psychosis is that it's it's the psychotic subject is pree is preempted in their actions however antisocial and however contrary to society by the guarantee of some kind of fixed imaginary structure or form. So the psychotic subject like the I don't know Austin Redguard or something they need a kind of fetishistic enclo they need to enclose the signifier right you talked about kind of escaping the signifier it's more like an enclosure they enclose it inclo foreclosure is actually the term lon uses they foreclose the signifier it's kind of like a suppression and then they're they kind of have this absolute certainty in the consistency of an imaginary form like like like like uh [ __ ] I wish I had my gun. DO DO YOU SUPPORT CHAIRMAN GONZALO? Yes or no? Why? Why or N? And if you say no, it's like this fanaticism of this empty robotic terrifying and yeah, it's autistic. According to Lon, autism is a form of psychosis. Let's never forget that. And it can be anything. Some for some people it's a Sonic the Hedgehog or it's some kind of cartoon character or for Carlos it's the Ninja Turtles. [laughter] >> You know how hard it was when the conversation got serious and nothing about me saying it wasn't in a racial sense cuz that was that was a tough one. >> I still don't get that at all >> cuz it's a brown cuz I didn't call you the ninja turtle. I called you the master, who's like a brown rat that goes. >> No, you didn't call me that. You said the ninja turtle. >> No, no, no. I said the the master rat. >> Master chief. No, I was from Kung Fu Panda. >> Yes. I Cuz we were talking about infrared and what your position on it was. And I said, "Look, I I just see you as like the rat, the [ __ ] [laughter] Ninja Turtles." And I said, "Not in a racial sense, cuz the rat is brown." >> Wait, Carlos, but you know that the rumors I'm Jewish are not true, right? Well, I don't know. I I'll >> That's the most anti-semitic thing I've I've said entire time. >> No, but that's a good rat. It was It's a brown rat, and it's it's got a [ __ ] stick, kung fu stick, and it helped all the Ninja Turtles become bass. >> You know, the Nazis, they also call Jews rats. Carlos, >> I'm so anti anti-Semitic. I'm so non anti-Semitic. I didn't even get the the rat reference. Wink wink. >> Right. Because you uh descend from the most inclus literally the most inclusive place in the world. You guys have no anti-semitism. >> No. >> Cuba. Nothing. >> Oh, I thought you're talking about Miami. >> No, I'm talking about the the real origins. >> The real or Yeah. Yeah. >> The true the true homeland. It's so uh it's it it's it's so already after all that that like uh racist jokes and everything is like fair game because it's always already assumed um that it's not uh you know that it's it's not with any hatred you know in your heart. Uh >> yeah somehow but the Spanish Empire Spain was so crazy with it. They were like they invented it basically. >> The race the racism or the anti >> the the anti-semitism. They pretty much invented it, right? >> Well, there's some theorists who would argue otherwise against uh the legacy that's been imposed on on on the image of Spain. But I'll refrain from judgment. [laughter] >> Right. Anyway, uh >> is there anything you'd like to to plug before we end? I'm sure everyone [ __ ] who's watching this already follows you everywhere, but anything you want to plug? When are you going to write more? I keep uh for those listening I >> I'm trying I'm trying this month. I wanted to do it before the new year, but uh you know, I spent the day uh rearranging my desk instead. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> So, yeah. >> All right, guys. Uh this has been a very fun and and unique uh episode of escaping the cave. Hopefully we can have more like this. And this is an invitation also towards any of the professional philosophers. If any of them want to come in and and speak to myself or H. If Gabriel's listening, if you ever want to speak to Hos, I'd be happy to to to arrange such a conversation. I think it would be interesting. You know, >> I'd be open. Yeah. I just I'm thinking that he's like waving his finger like these French guys. No, no, you can't. [clears throat] I don't know. >> Anyways, all right. Well, see you, brother. Hope you have a good night. See you everyone. The