You know, I didn't know much about Iran just because just for the mere fact of being an American, like living inside this this country that has groomed us from birth that, you know, people in places like Iran are not even human. I didn't know much aside from realizing that basically everything that I was taught to believe like was most likely a lie. But I can only give like my experience there comparing it to my experience of being a woman in in the United States of America and also at that time I was still working as a nurse practitioner at a women's homeless shelter in in uh New York City which that's the worst kind of oppression that you can experience as a woman like the stories that I was constantly hearing and being involved in that sphere of not only do we have a crisis of of homelessness which is basically manu I mean it's manufactured for many reasons one of them being to have a steady stream of vulnerable, you know, women and children to, you know, be available for sex trafficking and and whatever else these guys at the top are are doing with with their bodies. That was like the level of oppression that I am very intimately aware of like in my professional sphere like you know working as the nurse as at the women's homeless shelter but additional to that like I was working as a sexual assault forensic examiner for 4 and a half years. So that was like my the context of me going to Iran like that's my that was like my worldview you know the United States of America I believe and this is being proven now in the Epstein file is that they have the worst record of human rights for women like not just in the US but it's like you know global >> [music] [music] >> Would you have freedom from wage slavery and [music] join in the grand industrial [singing] land? Would [music] you from [singing] misery and hunger be free and come do your [music] share thy command? There is power. There is power [music] in a path of [music] working. That's a power. That's a [music] power that must [singing] rule in every land. [music] Would you have mansions [singing] of gold in the sky [music] and a thin shank way out in the back? [music] Would you have wings up in heaven to fly and starve [music] here with rags on your back? There is [music] power. There is [singing] power in a band [music] [singing] of working man. That's a power. [music] That's a power that must move [music] in every land. >> [music] >> If you had enough of the blood of the lamb, then join the grand industrial [singing] band. [music] If you'd rather feast [singing] off your own land, then come do your share like a man. [music] There is power power. >> There's power [music] in man working. There's power. >> There's power that across the land. [music] >> [music] [music] [music] >> Heat. Heat. >> [music] [music] >> Come all you workers from every land. Then join the grand inspe [music] [music] of working man. There is power. >> There is power [bell] >> that will rule [singing and music] >> in every land. >> There is power >> There is power. >> There's this power that will rule >> in every land. Welcome everyone to another episode of Escaping the Cave with Dr. Gerrio. I have a very special guest today. We're here joined by Jennifer Coings. She's a psychiatric nurse practitioner and a sexual assault forensic examiner. She's also um uh great uh informative figure on Instagram uh and on social media about all issues concerning uh the genocide in Gaza, the ethnic cleansing of the Palestinian people, Iran as well, which is something we're going to talk a little bit about today. And she's someone who has came under the thumb under the heat of a lot of Zionist organizations for speaking out in favor of truth and in favor of humanity and in favor of the Palestinian people. Jennifer, it's an honor to have you on. >> Oh, thank you. Happy to be here. >> I want to start by asking you about uh Iran. Um the situation has been quite uh hot in the last few weeks. Um I mean, I've heard people speculate that by the 30th and 31st there should have been bombs. There haven't been any bombs yet. I've heard other people speculate that some of the releases of the Epstein files that just recently occurred were tied to the fact that bomb that bombs weren't dropped. by the US on Iran. How do you see the situation right now in Iran? Do you think uh it's going to be escalating into a war or are uh are things going to back down? >> Well, it's an interesting point that you made. I mean, it it was interesting timing for me as well. Like I mean, we're trying to figure out what is the significance of this massive 3.5 million Epstein files drop in this current moment. I think like everyone thought this past weekend the US was going to begin some massive bombing campaign on Iran. That's like what it looked like. They're completely surrounded with like how many warships have they like positioned around the country at this point. Um and just the rhetoric is just so, you know, genocidal from all of our leaders who are all implicated in the like the Epstein files for the most part. Um it's interesting. I've kind of I maybe was thinking at first like, oh, this is this Epstein file drop was to kind of like distract all of us from like what they're going to do in Iran, but then I like saw other things of oh well this this file release was blackmail against Trump because he didn't bomb them or like maybe there's other reasons for it too. Like who knows? Like I I really don't know. Um, I'm I'm surprised that the Trump administration, well, the DOJ even did release these files. Like, I mean, they're heavily redacted, but just the criminality, like the sheer criminality, it's it's hard to contend with. I mean, we all knew like the evils of like the American regime at this point, but it's it's shocking that like this is how controlled our nation is. And this is at the heart of their intelligence and and maintaining these secrets for how long have been a matter of national security which is it just goes to show that at the heart of everything in from this regime and you can't separate the US from Israel at you know this point in time or you know for how many decades but um it goes to show that all of it is based in the abuse and of of children. >> Yeah, that's absolutely right. I mean, it's uh it's so disgusting. And there's this joke, of course, from George Carlin, which is like it's a big club and you're not in it. And the more you find out about the club, you realize, well, it's also a club I don't want to be in >> either. Um it's a club filled with a bunch of uh degenerates. And that's structurally so. It's at this point noticing that everyone is involved. You can't come to the conclusion that it's just accidental and just a few bad actors with um weird sexual proclivities. No, it's all of them. And it's structurally necessary because how else can you trust them to come into your group and to come into uh the elite and to get access to the things you get access to when uh when that rising up the ladder occurs. if not through blackmail, if not through ensuring like mutual destruction if they ever speak out against you because you know you're involved uh as much as they are except for Musk that even in that sort of affair was begging to be uh included and and was not invited to the party uh which is very strange. It may be even more pathetic that's like please invite me to these to these big parties that you're doing. >> Yeah. It just is continuing to show the depravity and just the like how fake this these like western ideals are like it this I mean it's just this is what it's based in and then it it go you know relates to their rhetoric in the Middle East and against Islam or whatever [ __ ] you know excuse they give us of like >> this is the true face of like the terrorism that we're dealing with that we've been fed as as freedom and democracy and human rights which if you peel back the layers, it's it's literally like abuse, exploitation of of women, of children, of any other vulnerable group. And then you're trying to convince us that um you know like Iran, like women in Iran are more oppressed than the United States of America, more abused than you know these guys in the United States of America and and basing it all on like wearing a scarf on their head. Like it's just it's so [ __ ] like it's superficial and I mean I I haven't found any like member of the R IRGC inside the Epstein files. So that that tells you something. >> Yeah, none of the bad guys are in the Epstein files. Kim's not on there and Diaz Canal is not on there. Maluda is not on there. Xi Jinping nor Putin. I think Putin is mentioned but he's not on there. and uh none of the the so-called uh pariah states and evil individuals um that our western governments tell us to hate are on the Epstein file. So, but you mentioned the topic of women, one of the things that interestingly happens uh in the west if you so much as talk favorably of Iran or even if you say we shouldn't be pursuing regime change um is you'll get a flood of comments, many from people that consider themselves leftists, many from people that were even pro Palestine, which is for me completely absurd, talking about how horrible and evil the Iranian government is and how you hate women if if you don't support the government's overthrow. Um, you spent some time in Iran as American uh woman. What was your experience there like? Was there like the tremendous uh oppression of women that is talked about in Western media or was the situation the opposite or is there more nuance that's always left out? What how did how was your experience uh traveling across Iran? Well, to be to be honest, like I I I actually uploaded a video talking about my experience on my YouTube like just the other day because I've been getting a lot of hate like recently about basically saying that I don't support the United States bombing Iran. And um I was invited to go to Iran last year as a group of journalists to report on like what they did which was that the United States and Israel bombed Iran for 12 days straight. And uh you know I didn't know much about Iran just because just for the mere fact of being an American like living inside this this country that has groomed us from birth that you know people in places like Iran are not even human. Uh, so I didn't know much aside from realizing that basically everything that I was taught to believe like was most likely a lie. But I can only give like my experience there which was I comparing it to my experience of being a woman in in the United States of America. And also at that time I was still working as a nurse practitioner at a women's homeless shelter in in >> [clears throat] >> uh New York City which like that's that's the worst kind of oppression that you can experience as a woman. like the stories that I was constantly hearing and being involved in that sphere of not only do we have a crisis of of homelessness which is basically manu I mean it's manufactured for many reasons one of them being to have a steady stream of vulnerable you know women and children to you know be available for sex trafficking and and whatever else these guys at the top are are doing with with their bodies. Um so that was like the level of oppression that I am very intimately aware of like in my professional sphere like you know working as the nurse as at the women's homeless shelter but additional to that like I was working as a sexual assault forensic examiner for you know four and a half years you know at the time that I you know got fired and had a a witch hunt like come after me because I you know didn't buy the the Zionist slop over the like mass rape hoax. Um, so that was like my the context of me going to Iran. Like that's my that was like my worldview, you know, the United States of America, I believe. And this is being proven now in the Epstein file is that they have the worst record of human rights for women. Like not just in the US, but it's like, you know, global like our our um the tentacles of the American regime. So going to Iran and look like there's major cultural differences like that's just but it's not like anything for me to like that's not my responsibility to comment on. It's not my responsibility to like give some sort of analysis on like I'm not Iranian. I went there simply for the fact that you know there's a massive media blockade that is on Iran. So that's why they invited people there to be able to report on this cuz at that point like going prior to going to Iran, I didn't even know like we didn't know how many people were killed in Iran with American weapons by the way. Um >> friends, we live under a dictatorship of capital still which means that in order to keep up the work that we're doing, we need financial contributions. [music] There's many different ways in which you can help us financially. You can become a Patreon at patreon.com/midwesternarks. You can buy some of our books, which you can find at midwestermarks.com/books. You can sign up for my classes and the other classes we offer with our Marxism School, [music] which you can see at the Midwestery page. You can also support my work personally as a writer and everything else that [music] I do through Substack at my Substack page, which is philosophy in [music] crisis. In addition, if you want to support the American Communist Party financially, [music] you can also donate to the party at acp. us. If you want to subscribe to the party's journal, which I am the chief editor of, you can do so at redamea.acp. us. And if you can't support us financially at all, at least help us get our message out there. Share this program on your social media. Share it with your friends and family and co-workers [music] and get it out as far and wide as possible. We thank you dearly. >> So I am getting hate for like you know having good things to say about my experience that it's biased and whatever. Sure that that's that's most likely true. Like every we're bi we're we all come to experiences with our own biases. However, like the feeling that I had and you know everybody is entitled to their own opinion and their own experiences, but mine is that um I felt very respected there as a woman in the US like there's just a baseline like hate of women and like deal you know like we're so like not I don't know just like women in general are very oppressed like the the number one reason for pregnant women in this country to die during pregnancy is homicide by their partner. That's and Iran has a better maternal mortality rate than the United States of America. So like going off of just those two statistics, uh the status of women is is better in Iran than it is in the United States of America. We just do not hear about these stories of what's the true status of women in this country because they don't have access to media and they suppress these stories. So my experience in Iran was positive as a woman. of course like you know there's always going to be you know the outliers in any experience but um and I spoke to women while I was there like you know how is this how do you feel like your colleagues at work as men like respect you like this and that like things like that and you know they I got positive responses and um like it it just seemed like a general feeling like women were empowered there had careers they had high positions they had just all of these things that in the US you kind of like look around and you it's it's kind of you know it's not the same. I mean they have there is still I believe like the hijab is on the books like mandatory. I I don't I'm not like don't quote me on that. However, like when you walk down the street it's there's plenty of women that are not wearing it. So I don't know. It's that but that's not my responsibility to speak on. And if the people in Iran like have a problem with the way that things are running in any way, like they they should have self-determination, including the women there. So that's that's basically all I have to say about that. Yeah, that's um I think that should be the American position like not do not intervene um when we see our government lying to us in order to I'm hesitant to say this concept now because of uh the association but in order to manufacture consent um in order to I don't know I guess manufacture consent you know >> was he the one that like first coined that term okay >> it was him and and another co-author I think Edward Herman or something like that I forget the name who So, >> is he in the Epstein files, too? >> I don't know. I haven't I haven't looked for him, but >> maybe we can start attributing it to to the other guy. Um, the non-EPS guy. >> But, um, you know, our our position should be that if there was a genuine opposition um in the government that wasn't just instigated by MSAD and the Zionists and the US, like sure, you know, let people do what they want to do. If they want to act in unison to formulate a new popular government that defends their sovereignty, that's fine. But there's a lot of people on the US left, especially that I've seen in my comments that they act as if uh the day after in their heads the the Ayatollah's fall, you're going to have like this great progressive leftist government. Like, no, you're going to have a government that's going to be a slave to the US and that's going to be a colony and that's not going to have sovereignty at all. And >> sovereignty is the main thing. Sovereignty is the main because when you have sovereignty, you can fix your internal problems. If you got [ __ ] going on internally, you can pressure in different areas and and fix the issues. But when you don't have sovereignty, you don't even have a semblance of a say. Uh all of your policies, everything is dictated by someone that is not you. Everything is dictated from outside. And there is no other force in Iran that's fighting simultaneously for sovereignty and against the Ayatollas. And you could be in the west and you can be a leftist or whatever and you can have different cultural values from this and and wish some things were different, but the real world is the real world. And uh if something like the government of Iran were to be overthrown, which I don't think it's likely, uh not only is the country not going to have any sovereignty, but the biggest aid that the Palestinians have in the region will be down. And that's objectively an anti-Palestine pro-Zionist position to take. Um, I want to ask you perhaps, you know, what do you think the the difference is when it comes to the treatment of of women in Iran and in the US because the US flowns itself as um kind of the homeland of all these progressive uh values. Some would call it woke um when it comes to all these different issues. And um it quite explicitly speaks about how women were oppressed in Iraq and uh some sectors of the ruling elite use that as a justification to manufacture consent um or now in Iran. Uh but it it seems to me at least and I wonder what your thoughts are on this. Like for them uh women's empowerment and the condition of women is very intimately tied to how much they can openly sexualize themselves and become like sex commodity objects for men. Uh and that's the sort of freedom that I see for instance Iran and and other countries uh maybe China even or Russia. That's the sort of freedom that they don't want because they see it through their cultural lenses as tied to a deeper form of unfreedom. But what are your thoughts on on that matter? >> Well, I mean, you're kind of speaking to the heart of like what's, you know, being uncovered with with these Epstein files. And it's we've we've been conditioned to believe that the less clothing that a woman wears and even child you know girls minor minors wear like that's you know like equates to how much freedom they have and I think that's the been the result of the you know US militarization obviously like propaganda has been a major component of that But like they are like intimately tied to the Department of Defense. Like they have a working relationship together. They work together to not only um brainwash all of us into this belief, but the entire world the entire world is affected by the US media complex, which is Hollywood, which is Zionist. And um yeah, so it's it's it's just exposing this. And I've seen this again and and you know we're getting inundated with all these pro- regime change like pro- monarchist contents on social media, whatever it may be. And that's like a lot of these these reels that they're making is is doing this whole like before and after. I don't you know like showing them as a child like in a hijab or or just telling saying that they used to live in Iran or whatever like giving some like before story of their life of how they were oppressed by things including what they were forced to wear and then giving the after giving the after where they're like you know dancing in lingerie and like spreading their legs and like what it's just like I don't know that that's personally to me that's not an indication of how much freedom and how much power you have as a per person, but most especially as a woman. But that to us is what we're constantly being force-fed. >> And it's pretty disgusting also considering in light of everything that's being exposed with these files and everyone who's implicated in it. And it we're it's just such a bare face of how fake this all is and how we've been lied to and how our children are being, you know, used for for this reason for, you know, to be offered up to these powerful people. It's it's disgusting. So, no, I I don't um I don't subscribe to that view at all. And it also shows us how disgusting this culture is and how like, you know, I the the porn I mean this ties this ties intimately to the the pornography industry, >> the pornography industry, which is basically most of what is on the internet and how many of those girls and women or boys and men like it's not just it's not just girls and women that this happens do, but that that's the majority of of what it happens to. But how they're being sex trafficked, so like this sex positivity and the pornography and whatever, like it's it's all just being exposed for what it is, which is it's it's disgusting. >> Yeah, absolutely. And and it's interesting um for myself as a communist when I hear um liberals uh speak about how repressive communist states are when it comes to these issues. It's not that they're repressive, it's that they try to avoid this commodification of the image of sex that's so prevalent here in the West and that's degrading and and dehumanizing. Um, I wanted to ask you a question about how you see the American people reacting to these recent um, file releases cuz you know it's like at what point is it too much? Um, or are the people just too desensitized to do anything about it? Like this is uh you know as as a Marxist scholar like one of the central questions we ask ourselves like what is it that makes people act in a revolutionary manner and we tend to assume it's well they have the wrong ideas and once you give them the right ideas they'll be able to act uh in a in a world historic manner or something. And the interesting thing about our age is that kind of everyone shares across the political spectrum a similar disdain and hatred of the established order a a very core level disgust uh for these people. At least that's how I see it. I see it in [clears throat] my neighbors and my communities. And um I mean you'll talk to a lot of Americans across the political spectrum uh about communist ideas and they sound pretty interested uh in so far in most cases as you don't mention the dirty seaw word for them. But that that means that like there's something deeper at play than just them having the wrong ideas because they have this cynical distance to the ruling order. They don't actually believe the [ __ ] the elite tell them, but they continue to act in these institutions and to act in ways as if they believed in order to uh you know fundamentally continue the way that things are. So how do you how do you see the reaction of the American people? Are we too desensitized to do anything about this and ask for justice or uh do you think maybe this could be one of the the final straws that breaks the camel's back? You know, I'm I'm not too sure actually because I think that there's I mean, especially in the US, like there's so many things that are working against us to that that would be necessary for the people to be activated. Like there's I mean obviously we've been inundated with like I mean just like this disgusting culture that we're living in for for our entire lives and and not to mention like the extreme wealth inequality that you know people are basically living paycheck to paycheck and having housing insecurity and all of those things like constantly working just to survive. Additional to that, we we are basically sedated um and basically I mean been made to be completely incapable of action by like the dopamine focused society that we live in. Like we're literally like just all you know cocaine addicted rats in a cage. Like it's just our brains are like people's brains are not even capable of getting and of of being capable of even like doing anything. And I'm not saying that as like a diss to the American people. I've like even seen it in myself >> because of social media, because of like this pornographic culture, because of like all of these substances that they feed us, you know, alcohol, so many things. So many things, so many things. But I believe and additional to that it's like at almost what like 20% of the American people are on a psychiatric medication like and that's in addition to like the crisis of substance use that we have in this country. So that's kind of like how I see all of this. It's like we're people are essentially anesthetized in by so many like in so many fronts which has made the American people I think incapable of actually you know reacting to anything in the sense of being able to do anything. We've just been lulled like by so many things. So, it's like I don't I don't have faith that this these newest revelations are going to get the American people to actually like unite and do anything. like we're too busy fighting each other about, you know, um, you know, who voted for Donald Trump and like, oh, things would have been better with Kamla or like, you know, like, oh well, like I'm going to excuse all these Zionists because they are now against ICE or whatever it may be. like we're or like you know we need human rights in Iran or we like what you know it's like we're too focused on like fighting each other or like like hating on each other for offering critiques of politicians which like come on. So, no, I don't I I mean, I want to be proven wrong that the American people will unite and realize like all of these petty disagreements are are literal literally meaningless and and kept they're literally laughing at us. And I I personally believe my first instinct to this file drop was like this is a humiliation exercise for them and for us like in the sense that like they're laughing at us like look like we can even like abuse and torture and kill children and laugh about it and you what are you guys going to do about it? And then like all of us are we like literally like this is this is this is the depravity of what it is and like we still can't do anything about it. Like I think we're [ __ ] Like honestly like if this is like where do we go from here honestly? >> Yeah. The American people need like the [ __ ] ice bucket challenge or something done to them. They need [laughter] to wake the [ __ ] up cuz it's a after two plus years of genocide that everyone has been seeing through their phone. The most horrific there's been just such a plethora of images that'll make your stomach turn. >> Um and now this which it it's making your stomach turn in very similar ways. Um it's if you don't wake the [ __ ] up. I mean these are the people that had like a revolution 275 years ago over like a tax hike. [laughter] what's what's happened to to the American people. >> But yeah, I I share that that spirit of that, >> you know, you're you're speaking in the spirit of Grahamshy, pessimism of the mind, optimism of the heart. I really do think that >> yeah, >> some of these um tendencies are are hopefully could be undone. And it's all tied uh as you said very directly to the attention span, the tick tick tockification of the brain, if you want to call it that. Um, if you can't sit there and actually concentrate and think and pay attention to something for a prolonged period of time, which is what's required to do writing, which is what's required to do reading, um, you're not going to be able to have the time to think about things systematically. And if you can't think about things systematically, you just see it as this person bad, that person bad. >> Yeah. >> And you're able to be manipulated very easily. Yes, >> you can't think about things systematically. You can't move against uh the system. You can only move against very particular things within it. And at that point, you're just like cutting tree branches off that could be regrown without addressing the fundamental roots of the of the problem. >> Yeah. Um sorry, my cat. Um, I mean, we're seeing that in real time with with the again manufacturing of consent for this the war crimes that the United States wants to impose on Iran. Again, the American people, I mean, this is like the heart of everything, like getting the the the support and the consent of the American people to do these things. and the American people like were literally so like emotional to every like and that's been by design like it's and that like short attention span and re very reactiv like the reactivity that's been born and bred into us in the sense of not in the sense of reactivity to actually do something like like tangible but the reactivity in in um having an emotional response and like cancelling people or or ideas or whatever it may U and in that being so like we we've lost the ability to critically examine and critically think through issues like even the it's just someone like you or me like seeing seeing the claims of of what the IRGC did against its people and what like what what are the numbers they were saying like in three days they killed like 30,000 people like how is that even possible? I mean, just to like yeah, like these claims are like horrific and wow, like it makes you want to be like, "Oh my god, like it's so evil." But like, let's like take a second and actually like critically examine the issue. How long did it take them to uh admit that even 30,000 people were killed in Gaza? Like a year or more? >> I don't know. like how and it's also that that's the whole like video that I made about all of this like of look like we basically should be looking at the United States of America as Jeffrey Epstein at this point. Would you believe anything coming out of Jeffrey Epstein's mouth? Like whatever it may be. Like he could be making claims like, "Oh, um, you know, this other guy like was more evil than me." Like whatever. Like it's like look like I'm I'm going to critically examine and actually investigate those claims because it's coming from someone as evil as him. Like like that you you cannot believe anything coming out of the United States of America's mouth. Like come on. Like it it's it's so much worse than calling like the pot. I don't know. It's like the like don't throw stones in glass houses. That's like all the claim that that's all the argument that I was making of like the the United States is the last entity to speak on human rights. So like we need to start there. >> Yeah. It it's it's unfortunate to say, but today the perfect symbol of the United States is Jeffrey Epstein. >> Yeah. >> There's not an individual that more perfectly captures >> Yeah. And he had ties all the way to the White House. >> Like he was intimately involved with like the Clinton administration and >> even like the Obama in the Obama administration, he was in close contact with that council. They're literally there's email exchanges between Epstein and this the the White House council Kaly Rumler. I don't know how to pronounce her last name, but they're t he's like he's advising her in how to shape a narrative of of a secret service breach, a White House secret service breach. And then like he's also literally has a direct tie to Joe Biden. like he's talking about it like this whole this the whole web of all this like cancer [ __ ] that they're literally I mean this is like a massive money-making operation for them but and Epstein was like intimately tied in all this cancer research and cancer treatment and whatever like uh but he was he was he was in direct contact with with Joe Biden. >> So this is like this is America like y >> we can't separate them. It's and and also we cannot separ separate America from Israel like that is something else that Jeffrey Epstein is exposing to us those of us who like have the ability to like critically examine left. >> Yeah, absolutely. And to go back to a point you were making about Iran and and drawing um comparisons with uh like deaths and and and and or you you think about like how long it took for the 30,000 people to die in Gaza. I think it was within a month or two. Uh the amount of images we received in just that span of time was uh overwhelming. an overwhelming amount of images. >> Yeah. >> From a society that has less access to technology and to posting than Iran does. If 30,000 people were killed by the IRGC in Iran in a few days, you would know. You would feel it. You'd see like your feed wouldn't stop um having videos pop up. And I personally have not. The videos I've seen have been protesters with advanced weapons uh given to them by the >> riers. >> Yeah. Um it hasn't been like peaceful protesters or or the government just massacring people which is what 30k would would imply. Um >> I want to switch course to ask uh to asking you about some of the recent research that you have been uh doing as of the last like couple months. uh into Mount Cyani and the whole network of the Epstein class I guess >> and how everything uh there is is interconnected. Can you speak a little bit about that? >> Yeah, so well backstory I that was so I mean I'm a nurse practitioner but prior I'm also a registered nurse and that was like my first job at Mount Sinai Hospital. like I became a I got my like nursing license in 2017 and Mount Sinai Hospital was my first job and I was working there uh you know I was first working on a medicine unit and then I was in the ER and I worked through COVID like the COVID crisis in New York City and I was there until 2021. However, and I I believe in 2019 2018 or 20 2018 is when I got my um certification to be a sexual assault uh forensic examiner. So that that was like a separate role outside of the ER that you basically the way that the Mount Sinai healthc care system operates is um anytime a sexual assault case would be would would present at the emergency room. Well, the the victims in in New York State like they have the it's not a mandated reporter like it's not a mandated reporter situation. So they have to actually request a forensic exam. So if there was a sexual assault case that that presented to the ER and they wanted a forensic exam, the Mount Sinai Health System, they have a you know whole list of of certified sexual assault forensic examiners who could take call and that's what I did of of anytime a case would present to one of their three ERS. one of them. There's only two now I I suppose that do well three at the time that I was there it was three emergency departments that um that had a sexual assault forensic examiner program and that was the main campus which was Jeffrey Epstein's uh spot uh Beth Israel campus which Mount Si was was allowed to close by this city of New York last year. So that program has been completely erased. And then the Queen's uh emergency room. So anytime a case would present in any of those those uh spots, then if I was on call, I would respond to to any of those cases. And I was at Mount Si until 2021 as like a regular employee. I went from the ER worked through worked through COVID and then was like, I can't do this anymore. Like this is such hell. like being a registered nurse especially in the emergency department. I was so burnt out. So I was like looking for other jobs within the system and actually I got hired for a management job and that was like the the role that I was in before I left Mount Si. So I was like in a management position for 3 months there and I realized that everything I had like previously like susped about this place of being very evil was completely correct because I was privy to all of those like management emails of like the way that and just like their operations you know I was like I'd rather sell my [ __ ] soul than work like in this capacity. Um though I was sad. So and also at that time you know during the COVID crisis the the rates for being a registered nurse in you know where like the travel nurse contracts like were insane. So I was like like I left Mount Sinai and then started doing contracts. But actually in 2023 that sexual assault program I had such a great relationship with them that they wanted me to come back. So they created like a role for me as a pertium position to be a sexual assault forensic examiner, but I was still like doing I was working in other capacities and in NP school at the time, but I went back to Mount Sinai like as a PDM role just doing like those cases and one of the CA and I I would estimate that I've done in that role at least like 150 100 to 150 sexual assault cases in the in the city of New York. And none of my cases ever went to trial, by the way. Like, uh, which goes to show how little they care about, you know, sexual violence. But one of my cases in 2023, yeah, it was 20 summer 2023. I remember doing that case and just knowing that it was going to go to trial because it was literally just like the, you know, textbook definition of the type of rape that anyone would care about, right? like um it's a stranger that grabbed her. Uh like they had a DNA we had a DNA match from the the kit that I did. It was a prior offender. Like there was like video evidence. It's like all of those things. And actually it did go to trial. So actually in the summer of 2024 I was in Palestine at that point. Like I um had wanted to go to do protective presence. That was the reason that I went there. And I started getting messages from the the district attorney, the Manhattan district attorney. Oh, like we need you to come and do case prep, like blah blah. I don't know. She was doing like like messages with me. We finally got on a call and the the connection was horrible because I was like in um a city in Palis a town in Palestine that you know I mean like obviously the West Bank is under like such extreme like occupation and the connection was horrible and it was also just like such brutal apartheid and occupation that I was like seeing with my own eyes and when I was on the call like I the connection was bad but I said to that Manhattan. She's a assistant district attorney at the Manhattan office. And I mentioned to her like, "Oh my god, I'm sorry. My connection is bad. Like I'm in Palestine." And she was like I could just tell that like the tone completely changed. And then they just I don't know they like went crazy after me. Like she like subpoenaed me to. So I flew back to New York to be able to testify for this case. I had never testified for any case before so I didn't know like you know how any of this went. I thought it was serious like of oh if I don't they say that they're going to like arrest me if I don't show up and my direct director at that time who you know later ended up just basically ghosting me over all of this um she was like no like they could have just used like another forensic examiner in your space like you were out of the country like like why did you like why did they like insist that you fly back and I'm like I don't know like I you know so I went to I got back to New York city. I had arrived from like the West Bank like the day before. I'm like wearing my kofia in like the Manhattan District Attorney's office. Long story short, like this uh I did end up testifying for the case and I was only on the stand for like a couple minutes that I was just like I don't know. She had mentioned something to me like, "Oh, I know we I know I like spent like days with you doing all this case prep and hours, but like I only need you to basically state your name for the record and that you were the one that that did the forensic exam and like this was your evidence kit." And so I was like, "Okay, like fine." Um, so that's the last that I heard of it. Uh and then it was like a month later basically that Mount Sinai hospital like uh like employment I don't know the like human human not human rights um human resources they started contacting me of like what was going on with this case like why did you get downgraded from an expert witness to factual witness and I was like I don't know they didn't say that to me they said it was a slam dunk case that they didn't need me to go through all this thing all this [ __ ] and then the director the actual school director called me into a meeting at one point. Maybe that was like the next month, but what uh I was already working as as an NP somewhere else. So, I did it Zoom and I'm happy that I did that because I was able to record it. But she was then starts telling me I had no idea. I was totally blindsided and she was like, "Oh, we have no reason but to fire you because the Manhattan District Attorney's Office is telling us that they would never use you again as a credible witness because you don't have any credibility because you went on your social media and said that you were a forensic examiner and for that reason, you know, that like no mass rapes happened in, you know, against Israeli women." And I was like, I never said that. I said that the the evidence that they were presenting as, you know, proof that some mass rape happened to justify a genocide was complete [ __ ] That's what I said. And she was like, well, like they they said that they would never use you as a witness again. And since that's an essential component of your job, we have no choice but to fire you. And additionally, you were you were so distracting with your social media that um the the district attorney's office, they didn't even get the rape conviction because of you. Because of you, the victim didn't get justice. And I was like, okay. Um, so that was like after that I was like I need to like I mean ex there were things like coming out in the media like when like 20 at least by 2023 of like Epstein's connections to Mount Si like he had he had uh Mount Si hospital had received multiple donations from him um and that was after his con conviction as a pedophile sec you know child sex trafficking pedophile. which I [snorts] mean, everyone likes to make the argument now of like, oh my god, he was only convicted of one state charge of of soliciting a minor for prostitution. Yeah, he that was the sweetheart deal that he got. He was initially the subject of a like 90count indictment by a federal indictment for like heinous crimes against children. But with Alan Dersowitz and his legal team, he was able to arrange a sweetheart deal where he only had to plead guilty to one state charge, which doesn't even exist as a federal charge because you cannot be a child prostitute. Like that's an oxymoron. So that to me, I was like, "Oh my god, I need to like research what's going on here." Like, and it's like the truth of it is is it's so much worse than than even I like could have imagined. like this was Epstein's hospital. I mean, I know he has connections to all of the hospitals, but he had at least at least two doctors there who was who were um helping him traffic in the sense that they were covering up for his crimes, seeing seeing victims in a clandestine way and um who knows, maybe seeing them off the books. So, like all and how many Mount Si staff knew about this? Epstein was a VIP patient there. He accept they accepted more than I I don't know like it they won't even say how much money they accepted from Epstein, but it's more than $100,000. It's it's more than $200,000 which but also Epstein is known he like writes like, "Oh, we always we'd like to donate in an anonymous way." But um yeah, I think that the I think the most damning part of it is these these physicians and one of these physicians, Eva Dubin, was his former girlfriend and close associate was is uh accused by many victims of of being an awful person, including Virginia Duprey, of helping traffic, of helping him with all of these crimes. and she's still a medical doctor and her name still graces like their breast cancer center that Epstein was an intimate part of. He helped fund the Duban Breast Center. Like he he sent his he sent victims to work in the Duban Breast Center. He's he's messaging with Steve Bannon like laughing about how he has his hands all over the Duban Breast Center and like making light of like women's breasts and like always like talking about like funding breast cancer research. like this place needs to be investigated like yesterday. And it's it's disgusting to me that even even after everything that's come out with with Eva Dubin and Glenn Dubin that their name is still gracing the the breast cancer center and the president of the sorry the co-chairman of the hospital uh James Tish. He's in EP that whole Tish family. They're all in Epstein's contact book. That's the That's the father of the NYPD commissioner in Epstein's contact book and her former address is is in Epstein's contact book. It's like so like when they're talking about the Epstein class, they're all in there. But I think the worst part of it for me, like being a medical provider and I used to work at that emergency room that that Jeffrey Epstein had a direct line to um just the criminality of these physicians who who um you know obviously engaged in horrific medical malpractice, but this is this is criminal. This is criminal activity that they are involved in. Um helping him traffic. I mean, there's emails of of them, Eva Dubin, along with Jess Ting, who's the director of their uh transgender surgeon, transgender medicine and surgery program at at at Mount Sinai. Um, receiving victims from Epstein's Island. So, he's flying he's flying victims from the island to New York City to be seen by Eva Dubin and Jess Ting. Like, traffic, that's trafficking. like someone with blunt force trauma to the head that just Ting is then putting in 36 stitches. It It's such It's such criminal behavior in the fact that like they're seeing these patients in a clandestine way, a transgender surgeon uh when this patient should have been sent immediately to the emergency room. Who knows what happened to that patient? 36 stitches the head. It's a massive injury. And the things coming out in the Epstein files now is I mean some of the abuse that they like to partake in is is um abusing victims with hammers. So that seem that seems on par to that kind of injury. Um, so these these doctors are still Eva Dubin isn't on the board of trustees anymore and I don't believe she's employed by Mount Sinai Hospital, but this guy Jess Ting, he's still the director of their transgender medicine and surgery program. And I mean going down that whole rabbit hole like Epstein was like funding like I don't know this documentary which is literally like propaganda of you know humanizing this guy just Ting in you know what a great service he's doing for the transgender community giving them all these surgeries. Uh Epstein funded that film. Mhm. >> So yeah, it's it's pretty dark and this guy needs to lose I mean both of them need to lose their medical licenses, but it just goes to show like I mean this is something that the victims always mentioned and this is something that even you know any medical provider would know like there are so many doctors that were like working with Epstein to cover up his crimes and all of them need to be but the I mean the sad part of it is that they all protect each other and probably nothing will happen to um like so I don't know like we'll see what happens. I'm working on an article right now about all of this. Um but it's like it's even worse than I even imagined. You know I I don't know how physicians can be this but this is a lot of them are so evil. It come. It's coming out again and again and again that these physicians with such access to to human beings are committing really grave crimes and the trust and that that patients have with their physician, it it puts them in even greater position to be able to abuse and suffer no consequences. >> It's pretty disturbing. And it's it's especially disturbing in that field um because they're their whole essence is supposed to be care caring for people um helping them remove the conditions that produce illnesses or remove the illnesses themselves or manage them in various ways and uh the system is structured so that the opposite is what is done. uh you go back to hypocrates where the hypocratic oath uh comes from. The whole purpose of medicine is almost self-abolitional. It's to create the conditions where the necessity of medicine itself becomes superfluous because you're not only treating illness and um you know the actual problem but you're also treating the sort of habits that could lead to certain problems and that's just not profitable. uh it's not profitable. And so it's better to >> to give either bandage solutions or or solutions that come embedded with 10 different other problems that then they cannot profit from than to actually cure you or have any preventative care. And then once you're in that world and you're surrounded by the satanic drive, and I'm sorry to put it in that way. I'm not a religious person, but I'm fine calling it the satanic drive of of money and greed uh and the ethos of capitalism. It's very easy to get um to get wrapped up in all of these things. to ask you a question that's probably going to be somewhat in vain. Has I mean has any mainstream media reached out to you about the this research that you have been doing or has anyone covered it besides like your Substack? because I had the experience now um my uh my best friend and the person that I co-ounded the institute with Eddie Smith he's been doing >> amazing cutting edge uh resource into this foundation that Erica Kirk established with her since she was 17 years old. >> Yeah. >> In the former Yugoslavia um right next to a NATO base that was the one being accused of doing all the main uh sex trafficking in the region. and the people that the the specific US military official that was the person um that was in all of these documents as being responsible for this track sex trafficking and for silencing in criminal ways the people that wanted to report on it. That was the person that she was inviting to uh to these centers that she was creating with with like orphaned uh children which is very disgusting. And then you reveal a lot of this information that's very censored in the West >> and no one wants to talk about it. No mainstream media has invited Eddie uh to speak on any of this and >> even for the sake of just a truth seeeking mission, right? Uh maybe to call him out on his [ __ ] or show where where he's been wrong. But has anyone has anyone reached out to you about uh this investigative uh work that you've been doing? Well, I'll even say that when all of that was happening uh with me in in with the Manhattan Jessica Attorney's Office and Mount Sinai Hospital, I I didn't get like any press basically over it. The only person the only outlet that really covered my story was TRT and I had reached out to many people, but it was like they didn't even it seemed like they didn't want to cover it. maybe because of like the affiliation with like sexual violence and but it wasn't even that I got fired. It was like that the uh Manhattan District Attorney's office like conspired against me to ruin my life. Um but regarding like my my research about I mean I had reached out to a few outlets that I thought were would be interested in covering this because they have covered Epstein stuff. um in my pre I mean what I what I came across what I came upon was really damning information pointing to the the very much likelihood I'm convinced at this point that that uh Jess Ting performed some sort of procedure on Jeffrey Epstein possibly. Possibly. It's it's a very likely it's a possibility that he did something to alter his his uh his anatomy like his his you know genitals because like this guy is a first of all I mean he's the director of the you know transgender surgeon and medicine program. he's he's he's this cleanup guy and there I don't know it's just like it's it's a possibility to me and I felt like I did reach out to people and it seemed like there was this kind of that's kind of the um reaction I've gotten in some some parts of people not wanting to look into this because of like oh like well this is anti-trans and it's like no this This is not anti-trans. This is I mean this Epstein was had such specific anatomy and such uh you know it was such an identifying characteristic about him that that was the whole reason why the Palm Beach Police Department took victims one of the reasons why they took even took them serious at at the beginning. They were able to describe his egg-shaped penis. So he it was such an identifying characteristic about him that he was like deposed about it in 2009. I think he would probably want to change that about himself. So and then I mean if you also look at the picture of like this guy that they're showing us that oh he's dead. That's not a dead person. Like any medical provider, any nurse, any whatever could tell you that's not a dead person. So yeah, what's going on there? Um, but yeah, I mean to your point like no one wanted nobody really wanted to cover it. So I'm like whatever, I'll just write it on my own. But um the other point that you made about the child uh charities like this is like one of the themes in this as well like he just Ting is married to this woman >> that in her bio like she says that she founded some you know child Chinese orphan uh charity when she was a teenager. So, I don't know. Like, we're all looking at these things as like I it's a little sus at this point, like considering like the web of of what we're like waiting through. And you see the same things again and again. These child charities are just, you know, serving as a vehicle to offer up children, especially untraceable children, vulnerable children that nobody's looking for. Um, and you know, basically, who knows what's happening to these children. That's not an accusation of of him or his wife and and you know any of that. It's just it's something that we when we see these things now like we have to we have to investigate. We have to question like is are these people really who they are saying they are? >> Yeah. It's the it's it's a sinister sinister character of it all because these institutions present themselves as providing a service of care. >> Yeah. uh caring for these kids and in some instances, it's not every single one, but in some instances, you find the complete opposite. And that that's absolute uh absolutely stomach turning. >> Uh but Jennifer, I've taken up roughly an hour of your time. Um it's been a real pleasure uh talking to you, hearing your story. Um is there anything you'd like to plug uh and have our audience uh check out of yours that um you'd like to mention before we go? Well, as I mentioned to you earlier, I'm I started my YouTube uh channel. I think it's been like three months or so. Um but I Yeah. So, I'm kind of like trying to post more of my work there since, you know, I I think my biggest platform is my Instagram, but it's just it's so throttled. So, I'm like, oh, I guess it's like pushing me to do something else. But then I also realize like I have more than three minutes of content or three minutes of things to discuss. So, um, I'm posting more of my work there and a lot of the work that I've been doing in New York City is regarding all this land theft and deed theft >> that's happening in New York City. So, I'm like working with a lot of the the victims and telling their stories on that. And I mean, when you're uncovering these cases, it's like a lot of them are leading back just to the same place. So, it's all connected. It's all the same guys behind a lot of this. And you know, it's it's really what's I mean, things like this, the com I don't know this like the sto stolen children, stolen organs, stolen land, stolen houses. It's like all of this is is being used to fund what? Like like the Zionist project and that's including like like I don't know these nefarious things that we're fighting against. So yeah, I'm posting a lot of that there. So, if they want to check out my YouTube channel and my Substack, of course, I'll be writing more about um these doctors that are, you know, Epstein associates, which I mean, these guys need to lose their licenses in my opinion. >> Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Um, we're going to have all of your relevant social media links, your Instagram, which I've been following for quite a bit of time. You do great work, and I do think it's uh I do think it's throttled. it should be getting a lot more views than than what it gets. I will also link your Substack, which um I just found I think yesterday, and your YouTube as well. So, >> all right. Well, thank you so much. This was this was a you know, I won't say >> it was a uh informative conversation. I'll say that. >> Thank you. >> Take care. Bye. Sugar.