 Just dropped my new snips, man. God damn. Durability test video. 3:00 in the morning. Still making it work. Today we're going to be unboxing the brand new and exclusive to Theory Sabers, Snips CW. This is a saber that took a really long time to make with TXQ, and I couldn't be more happy with the final result. Now, off the bat, it's going to come in our brand new collector's box. If you guys remember the old one, it looked like this. And our new one looks like this. It's got light and dark colors, blue and red. And most importantly, it actually comes with our new user guide, which is about four times bigger than the previous one. Now, whatever question you guys have, this will be able to answer it. And yes, it is doublesided. It took us months to make this, but it has every single board, blade, and button combination possible, as well as sound fonts, how to charge, troubleshooting, so that you don't have to contact customer support, which is available 24/7 at Theory Savers. If you do, we're there. But this should be a one-stop guide, which will give you basically all of the troubleshooting answers that you might have, like, what do I do if it's on mute? What do I do if it's beeping? and anything else that you might need to know regarding literally the most extensive and jam-packed, easy to follow, easy to understand instructions, troubleshooting, whatever it might be. I feel like this is space balls, like it just keeps going. But you guys get the picture. There are all the different bits of info, charging cables, battery, we have you no matter what is going on. And if you have any more questions beyond that, our customer service is available 24/7. And that's something that you get for free if you're a customer with us. So, it's going to come in your brand new exclusive beautiful box. Going to open it up. And inside will be your two new sabers as well as the free stand tool kit and the blade and some free stickers as well. So, let's put the box away. Now, the moment you've all been waiting for. This is a dual saber. So, it is a double saber. So, it comes with two. And this is the shoto right here. Now, we do have bundles for these as well right now. Oh, and you can get that with the discount. But, um, we're going to just talk about this. Look at how beautiful these are different metal alloys that we use. Check out the machine finish. Look at that beautiful detail. It's obviously quite difficult to cut metal in such a perfect and precise fashion and to have it to be smooth as well. But of course with TXQ and theory savers everything is absolutely perfect. Now, of course, I would recommend getting the prequels package with this. And we are actually releasing our seventh pack, which is done, but we're waiting to release that with our new website, which is going to come in just a few weeks. That will be our seventh font pack, and it's going to be called EU. And that seventh font pack is not made by Kyphonic. It's it's actually made by you might know him as Blue Mamba, but now his new name is Mthomeics. This is my buddy Carter. So, big shout out to Carter. took a few months to work on that font package. It's got about 20 brand new fonts you guys have never heard before. Okay, so let's go ahead and put in our blades. And it does come with two free blades as well. Now, when you are at checkout, you can choose what size blades you want. I'm using a 26 in my Shoto to make it, you know, a little more accurate. So, we got a 36 in the big one and a 26 in the Shoto. As you can see, the button on the Shoto is down here. And of course on the full size one, you got that shiny red button right there for the activation. Oh, dude. Like super light. I'm going to say right off the bat. And the sound just gets better and better with our savers at TXQ. Like I said, this is an exclusive to Theory Savers for the next month. So you get this at a discounted price of what it's going to be in a month's time when everyone else is going to get it. But you also get it with all of our exclusives that it comes with as well. All of our sabers are dual ready as well. You can see our different fonts have different sounds. Get out of here. Heat. Heat. Let's take it outside and test it. Heat. Heat. durability test right there. Just dropped my new snips, man. God damn. Yeah. Another durability test video. 3:00 in the morning. Still making it work. I think there's a security guard over there looking at me. Think we can turn him into a fan or a customer? Let's see. I can't believe I freaking dropped it. Good thing I did the review video. thermosabers.com. Grab yours now. These are really bright, especially at night. as you can imagine. And I have a uh a light on this right here, too. Yeah. Heat.