What's going on everyone? Jeremy here from the quartering and this is a very very weird weird story. Corey Harrison of the show Pawn Stars which almost everybody has seen right even if you haven't seen it you've probably seen the memes like the best I can do is thoughts and prayers or the best I can do is $137. you know, he he has started in almost 500 episodes of that show, making north of 20 to $30,000 an episode. He is now begging for money on the internet. And it's such a weird, bizarre thing uh that there's definitely something fishy going on here. And when you break down all that we know about the Harrison family, whether it's Rick Harrison, Corey, or even other stars on the show like Chum Lee, none of this makes sense. Absolutely none of this makes sense to me at all. Let's break this all down after super quick word from this video sponsor, Private Internet Access. Shout out to this video sponsor, Private Internet Access. Look, if you aren't using a VPN yet, you're completely missing out. And Private Internet Access [music] is the one I use on all of my devices. If you've been following the news, you see that censorship, websites, [music] apps are getting shut down in certain countries. All sorts of craziness. Well, a VPN helps you never have to worry about that. Private internet access also protects you from the prying eyes of hackers, internet service providers, [music] and others that can view your personal data. Perhaps also just as importantly, private internet access allows you to access region restricted content from all over the world. Streaming services like Netflix, Amazon Prime, and more have different library options based on where you're located, and some shows simply cannot be accessed if [music] you're not in the target location. Happens to me all the time. Many sports events also have regional blackouts. Well, VPNs can be a convenient way to make sure you're getting the content that you're paying for. Private Internet Access also allows you to protect an unlimited amount of devices all at the same time. So, your entire household with a single subscription. And I've been working with Private Internet Access so long that I have an absolutely massive discount available to my viewers. Link in the description below. Get Private Internet Access today using my link. Save huge. Protect your computers. Access all the content that you've been paying for. Let's start with this article. Pawn stars Corey Harrison turns to fans for money after neardeath ordeal. Well, he crashed his motorcycle and and got and was badly hurt. Okay, but like let's start at the beginning. You know, how much money is this guy worth? Well, the his specific salary I could never really find. But apparently Chum Lee, who is like a third tier character on the show, earns around $25,000 per episode. Let's be very generous and say he made a little bit more than that. Let's say it's just $30,000 an episode. Okay, he started nearly 500 episodes of the show. That would be $15 million. Let's just just to be totally, let's say he makes less than Chumley. Or you could say, well, he didn't make all that money in the beginning. Let's say he just made half of that. Well, let's just say he made let's just say he made 20,000. That's 10 million in earnings. Let's say he made 10,000. For some crazy reason, he averaged $10,000 per episode, 500 episodes. That's 500 or $5 million. On top of that, he was paid north of $50,000 reportedly just to do appearances at hotels in Las Vegas and all of the other things. On top of that, he also very famously has part ownership in the pawn shop. So, he was also, I assume, paid a salary to work at the pawn shop. So, on top of the multi-millions of dollars he's made on the show, on top of a salary to work at the pawn shop, on top of massive appearance fees, he's apparently dead broke. That That's what I'm supposed to believe. I'm supposed to believe there's nothing going on here. It's just a It's just a crazy, you know, sequence of events that has led him to be dead broke. Now, if I look at his GoFundMe, this is part of what it says. Now, he's asking for a random amount, $18,000. And you think, you don't have 18 grand, brother. You've made millions and millions and millions and millions of dollars. Your dad is worth $10 million plus. Um, I'm sure he had got some inheritance from his grandfather. Um, where the heck is this money? And if you spent all the money, why don't you just sell some of the stuff, right? Well, apparently he was in a a motorcycle accident in Mexico where he lives. Not sure why he lives in Mexico. Not sure why he doesn't have insurance. Again, the guy has tons of money. You know, I know health insurance is expensive and I know why regular folks don't have it. Even I, you know, my health insurance is almost 1,500 bucks, 1,500 bucks a month for my wife and I. And that's with no kids and no previous medical conditions. It's expensive. Now, I know I could because I had to buy it on the marketplace. And I think the cheapest we could have got was like $700 a month, $7 or $800 a month. It's expensive. But a guy that has inarguably made millions and millions and millions of dollars on this show, why would you have health insurance? Like something is very, very weird. So, right, help Corey Big Hos Harrison recover from the devastating motorcycle accident in Mexico. He said, "My name is Aaron Chambers, and Cory Harrison is one of my closest friends. If you've watched Pawn Stars, you know who Cory Big Hos is as the quickwitted guy behind the counter who always brings the laugh and tough negotiations." And we're going to talk about that, too. Off camera, he's just Cory, loyal, proud, and independent. Someone who's always there for his friends and family. Right now, though, he needs our help more than ever. With his full knowledge and blessing, we are raising emergency funds to cover the more than $100,000 in medical bills related to the expenses after a serious motor motorcycle accidents in Talum, Mexico that left him fighting for his life. Let's just say all of that's true. Hospitals are expensive. He spent 14 days in the hospital. He had to have multiple surgeries. If you don't have insurance, it's possible. It's possible that he could have racked up this kind of bills. Now, my experience, hospitals, if you don't have insurance, you can generally negotiate that down. You can also not pay it and declare bankruptcy, although I don't know if medical bills go away. Um, you could also work on a payment plan. You know, I had a family member who was owed a bunch of money to the hospital. She was on a payment plan forever. Last summer, I just paid off her bill uh for my sister-in-law, but until that point, she was just basically sending the hospital as much as she could every month. It didn't affect her credit report. So, he obviously could do that do that as well. Now, does he really owe this money to a hospital or does he own owned it to maybe the cartel? I also don't know how hospitals in Mexico work. Um but I know sometimes the cartel runs those. Maybe it's different. I don't know, but it seems odd to me that even if he didn't have the money, why wouldn't he just do payments like normal people do? And also, apparently, according to this this GoFundMe, which I'll bring back up here, he has just $400 in the bank. Awfully specific number. Um, we've set a goal of $100,000 to match the immediate needs, but any amount helps bridge the gap. We've been overwhelmed by initial outpouring of support for Corey from Corey's inner circle, friends who've stepped up with loans, visits, and messages of encouragement. Now, the GoFundMe has completely flopped. It has raised $5,000 of $18,000. And I highly recommend nobody donate money to this because it's very, very, very weird. If it was a hundred grand, okay, if it really was a hundred grand that he owes a hospital, which again I I I can't really doubt or question because medical bills without insurance, very very expensive. That said, he only has 400 bucks in the bank. Where are the mil where's the millions of dollars he made on Pawn Stars? like at minimum four to five million if he and near the end he was probably making you know a million bucks a year on that show. Now he he has had some problems. If you look at his complexion he doesn't look great. He looks like you know here's a recent picture. He's got all sorts of acne which is not normal for you know adults. You look I mean he got a DUI. big deal. Okay. I mean, it's not good to drink and drive. All right. Obviously, people shouldn't do it, but I mean, it's not like it was, you know, um, you know, I don't know. The officer noticed his eyes were watery and droopy and said that he had a blank stare. Officer said he could smell a strong order of alcohol. According to the report, Harrison uh, he ordered to step him out of the truck. The order of alcohol followed his person. The officer then performed field sobriety, took him into custody, blood sample after breathalyzer was not working properly. The results of the blood tests weren't immediately available. My guess is they gave like let him off the hook. Although they didn't take his mug shot, but if you look at the way that even the Reddit the fans of the show, the hardest uh fans of the show say, "I'm watching this episode where they're in Arizona. He has tons of pimples. He lost weight." Now, he did lose weight because he had lap band surgery. I know that his teeth were yellow. I hope he's all right. He slurs his speech as well and seems somewhat unsteady. I thought he was on drugs or has some neurological issues. Unfortunately, it looks like he's either using or has some sort of health issue. Um, you know, Chum Lee was famously busted for having tons of drugs. Concerning to see he's definitely blasted in some of these episodes now. Maybe he's just drunk. Um, you know, the whole left side of his face looks paralyzed, looks like Bell's palsy, you know, he's a meth addict. I mean, all these people are and these are fans of the show. And when he talked about when they talk about the GoFundMe for him, you know, he's riding his Mexico motorcycles in Mexico without health insurance. I'm trying not to laugh. The best I can do is $2. The best I can do is laugh. The best I can do is nothing. Meth kills. So, there seems to be this running theme of him being some sort of meth addict. The best the best I can do is HMO. You know, Cory and Chumley got 50K each to just show up at Las Vegas nightclubs, let alone to be on episodes of the show. Better luck in your next life, dude. Um, you know, I'm going to have to pass on that, man. I make I went most of my life making less than that a year. Um, it is definitely, you know, the best I can do is barely give an F. I I'm not sure. Rick tried to help him over the years, setting up with a financial adviser and everything. Cory was just too lazy. Also, apparently after Bonar Pawn Star's contract wasn't renewed, Cory just up and left to move to Mexico and left his kids in Vegas and everything. Now, if that's true, you know, again, if he did, you know, the guy having a drug problem, moving to Mexico, all this kind of stuff, something is definitely fishy with this guy. And, uh, I would highly recommend not giving him any of your money. Uh, it is very, very odd. And the comments, you know, spends his life ripping off and underpaying his customers their cherished items who are down bad on their luck, and now he's asking people for money. Like, he's getting zero sympathy. Let me know what you think the real story here is because I don't think the best I can do is thoughts and prayers. You know, what happened to him? He's also worth like 5 million. Why is he asking for money? Celebrities ask fans to pay medical bills after his health ordeal. His dad's worth millions. Meanwhile, his dad, you know, lowalled his whole people his whole life. It's [snorts] very, very odd. Something is very fishy here. Let me know what you think uh in the comment section down below. We'll talk to you again real soon. >> [music]