There's a lot of strange things that have been happening with the video game industry in the west. Are there though? Actually, when you think about it, are there though? Anyway, games like Concord, 400 odd million dead in less than two weeks. High guard, massive promotion at the Game Awards, pretty much dead two and a half weeks. Uh, X Defiant, Ubisoft, dead. Couldn't find an audience. and Square Enix, who are reporting serious losses in profit and really needing to change things around at the company, uh, decided to do something different in terms of game play. But their new game, Killer In, I I think you might as well just call it Already Dead. Hi everyone, it's AZ here from Heel versus Babyface. So many crazy things have been happening in the Western gaming industry over the course last 12 months or so. Uh I've just mentioned those games in the intro, but yeah, we had Ubisoft essentially being sold off. Uh EA going to be sold off to Saudi Arabians. Uh it almost feels particularly with all these games which are coming out right at this moment in time that are just absolutely start raving bonkers and failing miserably because they are it almost feels as if we're on the cusp of a massive a massive meltdown in the western gaming industry. And as much as there's plenty of gaslighting going on going, "Oh, it be terrible shame. Is it horrible how people are all laughing at these games? Your games are [ __ ] There's shite made by absolute wankers." So, no, there's there's no um sorrow for the Western gaming industry being in the position it's in and failing miserably. Uh I I I've had it up to here with them. I have zil sympathy whatsoever. Square Enix, one of my favorite companies because I'm a massive fan of the Final Fantasy franchise and Squaresoft did some some wonderful things as well. Vagrant Story, all that. Don't get me started. But they're in deep shite cuz they try to pander to a western audience with a lot of different types of games. For spoken being one, absolute dril, the lot of it. garbage writing, terrible graphics. Well, they're back. They're working in concert with another development team and they've just released a video game called Killer In. And whereas with High Guard, I just saw the trailer and noped out. I decided this afternoon cuz I had some time, I decided to play it for your benefit. And so I'm going to literally break it down for you and tell you why this game is is is just done. It's just done already. Now, yes, graphics aren't the be all and end all, particularly when you got a nice little style going, but what on earth are these character designs that we're seeing here, they are absolutely terrible? To me, I would say these would fit in with the PlayStation 2, but I honestly don't know if that is an insult to the PlayStation 2. They are so uninspired, very drab, very boring, and I can't even tell if this is this looks like a man, a man in a dress. They certainly didn't pay too much attention to making them look good. On top of that, their animations are awful. When a character is moving, running, jumping, grabbing, uh it it's it's very poorly done. The game itself has a very bad design in the way that it does quite a bit of things like going through windows, climbing ladders, traversing objects, etc. Now I am getting a wee bit ahead of myself because what on earth is Killer in? What genre is it? Well, Killer In is a 24erson map. 12 players on each side. Half of the players are wolves and the other half of the players are the sheep. The wolves are hunting the sheep. The sheep are trying to escape from the killer inn, I guess, is what we're going to call it. The wolves can see via looking over the head of a character if that character is a wolf or a sheep. So, they know who they're hunting down. The sheep however they have to deduce who the wolves are. When a character is murdered, you can go to the body. You can find a clue. That clue will be uh a a small part of who killed them. So, it' be a Look, I'm going to stop you right there. The design that they want this game to be is not the way that anyone plays it in the slightest. The way that people play this game is they run around doing the quests that the various NPCs around the map do and then they get themselves a weapon and they go around killing people and that is pretty much it. Even the sheep make sure you're weaponed up immediately and then try and kill the NPC to get the item to escape. But if anyone gets in your way, you just you just kill him anyway. Do people care? Does a sheep care if it kills another sheep? Don't give a [ __ ] So, the the design, the concept behind it of oh, it's a bit cloak and dagger and all. No, no, it's not. It not. It just it would be better served if it was just a 12v12 uh fight between sheep and wolves in this map. And maybe uh there were objects and items which just allowed you to upgrade your gear or whatever. Cuz whatever they intended this to be, it's not even close. It It's not even a fraction of what they wanted it to be. >> Nobody's going to stop me. >> Fierce wolf, begin feasting on mutton. Lest the lambs devour you first. So, you go around both as a wolf and as a sheep. You do quests. The quests are the most basic, boring [ __ ] imaginable. You literally just go follow a line to a room and either pick something up or crowbar something open or match some symbols. And that is that. When you complete the quest, you get some gold and you also get an orb. And these orbs can be used to open up various chests. Medical chest, melee chest, firearm chest. So the more quests that you do, the more orbs you get, the more you can access greater weaponry and items. It's exceedingly mundane. On top of that, the game runs like absolute [ __ ] Uh there was terrible lag from time to time, terrible rubber banding from time to time. The character voices can be broken. Uh I like to I like to play as the the the woman in a dress and her voice would her voice would be like I'm trying to do impressions now. She was kind of like a Wakanda voice. I don't know if that No, it's not. It's not. It's not a Wakanda voice, but suddenly she'd be some British woman and she'd be like, "Oh yes, I'll go and do this for you." And what? So, they haven't even managed to get the audio elements lined up correctly. And speaking of audio, the sound effects for things like running and and jamming things open and climbing, the sound effects are appalling. absolutely appalling. We're not even talking PlayStation one. We're going back into things like the Mega Drive. And again, I feel like I'm insulting them because at least those games were were fun. But the the actual sound effects are abysmal. Utterly abysmal. And as regards to the game play, the shooting mechanics, the assassination mechanics, the melee mechanics, this game cost me £750 and I felt like I got massively ripped off. I found the gameplay loop to be incredibly laborious. I I was I'm going to have to reference myself again. I was so bored. I really was. And I tried to play as many games as possible. I did about a dozen or so and I had a really good split between being a wolf and being a sheep. And uh neither really uh allowed me to have too much fun at all. In actual fact, uh once I'd finished my final test game to start this video, I know full well about two and a half hours of gameplay. I'll never touch this thing again. I can't recommend it to anyone at all. Uh even though it's cheaply priced, but that's just the problem. It's cheaply priced because it's cheaply made. And the fact that it's meant to be co-developed by Square Enix has me scratching my big bold bunts. But here in lies the problem. The game when it released on the 12th of February only peaked at 817 players. I mean, it couldn't even get a thousand for goodness sake. This is no amount of people that's going to be able to carry a game, let alone a multiplayer game. But this is a multiplayer game that requires 24 players to start a match. And they won't start one unless it has the full complement. And therefore, when you're matchmaking, you tend to find you're waiting one and a half, two minutes, three minutes until a game actually pops. And because I mean when I played there's about 550 people on at that time, it meant that there was only 20 to 25 matches ongoing at that time. And now a couple of hundred have logged off. So now you're down to 15 odd matches available. Nobody's playing this game. And this game really needs people to be playing it because they are working off the assumption that the microtransaction element, oh yes, will make this profitable because this game not only has a game pass, but it also has a store. And of course to get that credit, ching ching, ching ching. I look, I felt ripped off at spending £750. If you think you're going to get anything microtransaction-wise, you're absolute la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la land. We talked about problems with getting players to play a game like High Guard and that was 3v3 and now moved to 5v5. This is a game that requires 24 players, 12 on each team before it even begins. And there's less than a thousand people at peak that have played it. That number is just going to continue most likely to go down because there isn't an hook here. There isn't an element that's going to really drag people in. I've seen it. I've played it. I'm done with it. There's nothing here of any worth or interest whatsoever. And because of the required number of players, I sense this game's gonna fall offline exceedingly quickly. So, Square Enix, I have no [ __ ] clue what on earth you think you're playing at, but unless you buck up and severely, well, you can join the rest of the crap that's the Western gaming industry, and you should know better. cuz you're one of Japan's finest. Until next video, YOU TAKE CARE. GOODBYE BALUBU.