derotic.com. Greetings, you over 1 million Heliens and the 40% who haven't subscribed yet. You know, occasionally the IP miners, formerly known as Hollywood, can strike gold as they did with Minecraft. See what I did there? A film I didn't like, but clearly a lot of people did and they're having a lot of fun watching it. And good for them. Don't let me ruin your good time. It's set to make a billion dollars and give the theaters the long overdue shot in the arm that they needed. This may be shocking news to Tinsel Town, whether I liked it or not. When you make a crowd-pleasing movie, the crowd tends to show up. To contrast this, in only its third week at the box office, the disastrous Snow White is dropped to fourth place, and it's in single digits. While Snow White is yet just another classic tale and character sacrificed on the altar of the message, some are saying its failure is the kill shot to end it. And while I'm not entirely convinced of that, considering Black Snape and Meryill Streep is Alen, it has become very clear that Hollywood is responding to the cultural shift far too late. For example, Disney's Frankensteinian, it's pronounced Frankenstein, efforts to hastily reshoot and unssage certain shows and movies like the affforementioned Snow White, Daredevil, and Captain African-Amean. Though, it doesn't really matter if Hollywood is done with the message or not because the audience is. So, as we transition from woke Hollywood to slop Hollywood, what's slop Hollywood? Well, after woke Hollywood, there's still a myriad of problems to deal with, including, but not limited to creative bankruptcy and IP mining too greedily and too deep, producing an unending conveyor belt of content featuring unnecessary prequels, midquels, interquals, sequels, prequels, reimaginings. And despite Disney cancelling the liveaction remake of Rapunzel, there's going to be a lot more of them to come. You don't think they're going to do a liveaction Frozen? that's led to the theaters needing that shot in the arm from a Minecraft movie, but they can't survive on Feast or Famine. So, the question has to be asked once again, how did we get here? While the Access Media is certainly willing to talk about the thousand paper cuts that have contributed to the theatrical demise, they have yet to acknowledge the gaping mortal wound. until now from dare I say a very thoughtful article written about Doctor Who on a Doctor Who website that we can and will apply to many other things including Marvel, Lord of the Rings, Star Trek and Star Wars. Because no matter the size of the site, it is a rare thing when the Access media acknowledges Hollywood and entertainment's biggest mistake. One fan's take, Doctor Who and so many other things used to feel welcoming. Now it feels antagonistic. I do recommend you go over to Doctor Who TV and read the full article by Charlie Madison. We're going to go over the bullet points and expand on it a little bit. I don't agree with everything, but I think it comes from a good place. And a lot of it might sound familiar. In recent years, Doctor Who and Star Trek, Star Wars, Marvel, DC, Lord of the Rings, and pretty much everything genre hasn't felt like the show/mov/book I grew up loving. It's not just nostalgia talking either. It feels like something deeper has shifted because it has. and not in a way that brings people together. These days, fans don't seem to talk much about the plots or mysteries anymore. Instead, most of the noisier conversations I see around Doctor Who and all the other things are about controversy, politics, identity, and whether the show is making some kind of statement. And whose fault is that? Well, I'll tell you whose it isn't, the audience. But Charlie does implicate one of the two guilty parties, the Access Media, by mentioning gaslighting headlines that don't really inspire people to go to a movie, watch a show, or pick up a book. And while the media will take things out of context from time to time, a lot of these gaslighting headlines come directly from the pie hole of the creators. And the latest example of that comes from new Doctor Who companion Vera Sethu and the doctor itself, Shuigawwa. Dthu or Sthu said, "There's a couple of Dr. Woke references or whatever," she began, "but I just think we're doing the right thing if we're getting comments like that." And I would say, "The ratings say otherwise." She went on to say, "As far as she's concerned, the show being woke is a very good thing." And again, I would say the ratings say otherwise. And as far as this being the first non-white TARDIS, Judy Gotwa said, "Look at us. We get to be in the TARDIS. We're going to piss off so many people." Not a great plan. And again, that is just the latest in a long line of actors and creatives being intentionally antagonistic. Let me tell you, Star Wars always had the vibe of being in the most whitest elite space. Like, this is a franchise is so white that it's like a black person existing in that um was something. And and you can always tell it's something when some Star Wars fans try to say, well, you know, we had Lando Calissian and had Samuel L. Jackson. It's like telling me how many cookie chips are on the cookie dough. May the force be with you. Unless you're MAGA, then you can go force yourself. And my message to MAGA, go force yourself. All right. [Music] And to be part of a redress of balance within this world. I do not need a 40-year-old white dude to tell me what didn't work for him about A Wrinkle in Time. But it's not just adult pretenders. Do you remember when Tim Miller said, "Terminator dark fate will scare the [ __ ] out of misogynist internet trolls when in truth it just scared away ticket buyers." Hubris on my part by thinking that I've got my finger on the pulse of fans uh nerds everywhere and maybe I don't. Oh, then there's the studio heads like Kathleen Kennedy, who may be leaving someday, saying that women in Star Wars struggle due to the maledominated fandom and Amazon's Jennifer Sulky initiating attacks on fans prior to the release of the abomination known as the Rings of Power. And look where that got her. You're fired. Whether the gaslighting is intentional, like with the examples I just showed you, or unintentional with the discourse that's been going on for almost 10 years, it hits the same because, as Charlie correctly points out, not all criticism comes from the same place. For example, Charlie here says, "To be clear, I consider myself a fairly progressive-minded person, but I've found myself feeling frustrated lately." This one might sound familiar. The stories stopped feeling like they were for everyone and started to feel like they were aimed at proving a point to someone. You mean when they made Luke Skywalker the hero of generations a miserable quitter sucking milk out of a manatee titty and being upstaged by a Mary Sue? Or making Jean Luke Bard a broken down quitter in Bicard being led around by the girl is the key to everything. Or making Indiana Jones a broken down quitter who was led around by the girl is the key to everything. Or giving Spock a foster sister who taught him how to be a proper Vulcan. Or making the epitome of femininity Galadriel a dude who falls in love with Sauron. for completely recconing the cannon of Doctor Who, turning William Hartnull, who will always be the first doctor, into a little black girl. I mean, what gave it away? Despite how the media and the studios continue to frame this, the fans generally aren't pissed because of the inclusivity. They're pissed because you're destroying their favorite characters. And as far as new characters are concerned, well, it's all in the execution. Unfortunately, you use them to execute our stories. Bottom line is, you should have listened to the fans when they were pissed because that means they still care. But we are way past that now. Now, the article mentions that some, but not all fans are toxic. That's not a word I use unironically, but yes, I will admit some fans are [ __ ] That's the way fandom has always been. That's the way it'll always be. And Hollywood's never known how to handle that, but Henry Caval does. It is a fans right to have whatever opinion they want to have. And people are going to be upset because especially when it you're talking about books or games because you're never going to be the exact person who they had in their head or who they played on Witcher 3, for example. I don't necessarily consider that toxic. I just consider that passionate. Thank you. Keep in mind, we're talking about fandom, something that used to be a pretty welcoming place, but specifically we're talking about Star Trek and Doctor Who fans. I must have missed the racist contingents. Classic Star Trek and Doctor Who would tackle social issues that some would call political. I would say they were tales of morality. And they often explored complex ideas and moral quandies. As Charlie points out with the classic Doctor Who series, there's the Green Death, the Genesis of the Dolls, with the neocclassic. There's human nature, the family of blood, the Zyon invasion, the Zyon inversion, which gave us the best Doctor Who scene ever. This is a scale model of war. Every war ever fought right there in front of you. How many lives shattered? How much blood will spill until everybody does what they're always going to have to do from the very beginning. Sit down and talk. And with Star Trek, there's balance of terror, Measure of a Man, The Drum Head, or pick a DS9 episode. And the reason that worked for so long is because the message in that form was never heavy-handed. It was never preachy. It connected with us as human beings. And it never came at the cost of the story of the character. And this is where Charlie has it figured out. Nowadays, it feels like the message is being delivered with a big red highlighter pen. It leaves little room for wonder and imagination. And if you don't like that approach, well, you're not the correct sort of viewer anymore. Better late to the party than not showing up at all. The last time I checked, no one was rooting for the Nazis and Raiders of the Lost Arc or the Cybermen in Doctor Who or their counterparts in Star Trek the Borg. Nobody was throwing up the pompoms for the Empire and nobody was rooting for Kylo Ren. Oh, that's probably not a very good example. Well, no one was rooting for Sauron. Sauron is hot. I can fix him. So, what was the motivation behind provoking and antagonizing your paying customers? Well, pick your poison. Greed, hubris, ego, ideology, and engagement. For example, there's Parrot Analytics, which is a firm that essentially determines a show's popularity based on engagement, good or bad. It's snake oil, but the studios are buying it, which led to a lot of articles saying, "We might get an acolyte season 2. Let'sing go." In all seriousness, while it was a lot of fun mocking and shaming the acolyte because it deserved it, it was the last gasp of Star Wars and the last straw for a lot of Star Wars fans. It's so insignificant now that Disney didn't even mention it at the recent Cineacon, and now it joins Star Trek, which has been languishing in obscurity, and Doctor Who, which is on the verge of cancellation again. as they all head into the long dark apathy of the soul. As Charlie mostly correctly points out, if the show wants to speak to only one part of the audience, that's a creative decision. I disagree there. It's an ideological decision. But no one should be surprised when that comes with a cost, especially if provoking outrage becomes part of the appeal. When that happens, Doctor Who, Star Wars, Star Trek, Marvel, DC Comics, etc. stop feeling like it belongs to everyone. More importantly, it's come to a point where nobody wants to belong there at all because the message is the imagination killer, which leads to apathy, which is the franchise killer. What did it cost? Everything. So, if we are indeed in a postwoke era and all is pretty much said and done, I think it's completely okay to acknowledge that this has been a total bummer. I don't think I'm going out on a limb here by saying I don't think anyone wanted to see Star Wars, Star Trek, Doctor Who, Marvel has lost its way, and Lord of the Rings completely destroyed with divided fandoms. Because if you would have told me 40 years ago that I would absolutely despise new versions of Star Trek, Doctor Who, and Star Wars, I would have said, "You're insane." But Hollywood put in the work and made it possible. But the good news is fandom always finds a way because we've made the best of a very bad situation. We've had a lot of laughs and found each other and something new will eventually come along and there's a better chance than ever it won't be coming from Hollywood but it could come from you and I'm looking forward to it. derdotic.com [Music] If you like what you heard, please like, share, and subscribe. If you didn't like what you heard, I thank you for listening this long. I will see you in the next video. [Music]