[Music] I don't want to sit here and say that the Superman trailers have been terrible because I don't think they've been terrible. I thought the first one, the first full trailer that we got was better than the one that just released a few days ago. But one thing that has happened with me with this movie is that my anticipation has went from very positive to kind of where I'm just meh about it. I I just don't have the enthusiasm that I wanted to have when this project first was announced. I've said many times while I'm not a fan of James Gun the person, I'm a fan of James Gun the creative. I'm a fan of the movies that he has written or directed or produced for the most part. Um, so I was looking forward to this and I'm a huge Superman fan and I want to see Superman done the right way. So, I had high hopes for it and that first trailer was good, wasn't great. But the more we've seen the James Gun ccentric marketing to this movie and now it's become a meme where it's James Gun's James Gun starring James Gun produced by James Gun directed by James Gun written by like James Gun is all over this project to the point where it's become a distraction in a lot of ways. Now, the reason I have the trailer pulled up here is that it's got a very positive ratio. Now, it's only got a million views now in three days. That's not a ton of views for a Superman trailer on the official Warner Brothers channel, but regardless, it's got a very good like to dislike ratio. So, I don't think people hate these trailers at all, but I I do think that they are not inspiring the way that they should, and the marketing for this movie has not been very good. Now, our good buddy from the Friday Night Tights intros, Nerd Rodic, the editor extraordinaire, Perry Chan, put together a Superman trailer for this movie. And it's perfect. It's absolutely perfect. And you don't need to sell the story of Superman. You need to sell the idea of Superman being done right. Very inspirational. Let's watch Perry Chan's cut. It is fanf [Music] freakingastic. Your choices your actions, that's what makes you who you are. John Williams score. So perfect. I cleaned your boots. I'll go get them for you. [Music] This is so damn good. [Music] How could you not want to see this movie with this trailer? How could you not want to? [Music] so damn good. Now, listen, the idea of recutting a trailer, that is something that fans have been doing for as long as we've had the ability to edit and upload to the internet and things like that. So, you know, this isn't any breaking new ground or anything like that, but as someone that has wanted to this this project to be good and wanted to be excited about it, the most excited I have been for this project was Perry Chan's cut. That's not a good sign at all. Now, I will say that everyone knows that watches my channel consistently, I am not a fan of Man of Steel or BBS, but I will say that the trailers for Man of Steel to this day are still the best trailers I've ever seen for a movie, and I'm not sure that's ever going to change. Those trailers were fantastic in every way possible. I loved even going to the the Comic Con trailer that Zack Snyder premiered at Comic- Con, the music that they used, Han Zimmer scoring that and then Han Zimmer intertwined the John's Williams score into espec I think it was trailer three of Man of Steel and that was such an incredible trailer and even though I loved the trailers, I didn't end up loving the movie. I know a lot of people do, but I did not. So, I'm hoping and I'm praying that this is the reverse effect where the trailers didn't really do a lot for me with James Gun Superman, but I'm hoping that the movie itself actually does. I don't know how confident I am in that happening. But, I mean, between uh Thunderbolts, which I liked more than most people, but it wasn't great. It was just a decent movie in my opinion, then you have the Fantastic 4, which I'm not looking forward to. for the Fantastic 4. I I I don't really have high hopes for that movie at all. I do think Mission Impossible, The Final Reckoning. I'm hope I'm looking forward to that. Um, but I really want this Superman to be great, and I don't feel very confident that it will at this point in time, but I wanted to give a big shout out to Perry Chan for the great work that he did. You guys, let me know your thoughts in the comments below. Thank you very much for checking out this video, and we will talk to you later. [Music]