Greetings, culturans, and welcome back to the 
channel. Of course, we're going to try to wrap   up the Super Bowl with this one last video and 
remove a lot of misinformation out there that   is somehow gotten out and about through not just 
mainstream media, but also through social media.   The fact that Bad Bunny was the best Halime 
show ever, which is a complete fabrication. What? From beginning to end, this was 
always going to be about the halftime show,   especially since there was a competing 
element in play. So, let's talk about   it and the fact that maybe Roger Goodell is in 
big trouble and may lose his gig. Here we go. And before we get started down this particular 
road, in fact, we're going to start with   Newsweek's article first. We first want to remind 
you we're trying to get to 50,000 subscribers. So,   please double check in the area down below. 
Make sure it says subscribed. If not,   turn the red subscribe button to gray 
and then turn on the notification bell   icon and turn them all on. And that way you don't 
miss anything because I give you dozens of pieces   of content and information each and every week 
and I would hate for you to miss anything and   you probably would hate to miss it too. And while 
you're down there, hit the thumbs up button. That   helps immensely with engagement. And finally, 
make sure you watch another video of mine after   this one. I dropped another one this morning 
that I think you will enjoy. But let's talk   from the headline from Newsweek, which is about as 
accurate as they're going to get is this headline.   NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell faces calls to 
be fired. And from that point forward, all the   political nonsense that you expect from Newsweek 
shows up and misleads and is inaccurate and they   ran with the original narrative which gets knocked 
down by this article over at that park place. The   usual suspects are reporting the things they want 
to hear that go along with their belief systems.   It's called cognitive dissonance and it really is 
nothing more than confirmation bias which is what   a lot of people are looking for. Not me. I want 
to know everything. So when the Bad Bunny halftime   show record viewership narrative collapsed, Final 
Neielson numbers show a year-over-year decline.   And the game itself was always going to lose 
ratings. I said so in a previous video that you   can check out. I'm going to point up there. Maybe 
it'll show up on your screen. But as you can see,   the early media victory lap surrounding the 
reported record breaking Bad Bunny halftime show   viewership is already falling apart. The immediate 
aftermath of Super Bowl LX, entertainment trades,   and mainstream press outlets rushed out headlines 
declaring the performance was the most watched   halftime in history. Preliminary projections 
floated a massive 135.4 million viewers, framing   the show as a cultural milestone and a records 
shattering success. There's just one problem.   Those numbers weren't final and they weren't 
accurate and they may not have even been from any   of the traditional ratings companies out there, 
whether it be Neielen or Samba. And the official   Neielen averages showed up yesterday. They've been 
finalized and the Bunny Halftime Show viewership   narrative is shifted dramatically. Also, so has 
the scale upon which Neielson operates, which a   lot of people are not recognizing when they're 
looking at this new data. starting in 2025. The   reason all the numbers have looked uh higher and 
inflated is because they changed how they count   things, trying to allow for not only data sets 
but panel sets as well, which is changing the way   people look at what these ratings actually mean 
and is making it difficult for advertisers and   we'll talk about that in just a moment. But the 
final Neielson data tells a very different story.   Updated Neielson reporting shows that Bad 
Bunny Halftime Show averaged 128.2 million   viewers. While still an enormous number, it falls 
well short of those early projections and quote   unquote record-breaking headlines. And even that 
is more misleading than we could possibly imagine.   More importantly, it represents a decline from the 
previous year. Kendrick Lamar drew 133.5 million   viewers for his halftime show, meaning Bad Bunny 
dropped about 5.3 million viewers. Coincidentally,   it looks like that may have been where TPUSA 
picked up those initial 6.1 million viewers   on YouTube alone. These numbers get worse and 
worse for the NFL. And there's no wonder there   are owners meeting to talk about it. In fact, 
Jorge Rodriguez is uh reporting on the NFL holding   emergency meetings. Turns out they never like 
the idea of an alternate halftime show. I mean,   who wants that kind of competition? And remember, 
this is all about money and it opens the door to   competition in the future, especially if it's 
driven by their own fan base and culture. And   let me tell you, that's exactly what happened. and 
TPUSA launched their own show. And while it did   have some technical glitches, especially during 
Kid Rock's segment, like a misalignment of tracks,   etc., it also had uh something that they weren't 
expecting, 6.1 live concurrent viewers on YouTube.   In fact, if you add in Rumble and every other 
location, it's much much higher than that.   If you start to include the fast channels 
that got in on the business, and you also   look at what was happening on the alternate 
TPUSA channel, Charlie Kirk's own channel,   which had around a million viewers just in and 
of itself. Now, you're only going to watch one   YouTube stream at a time or one Rumble stream 
at a time or one X stream at a time or one fast   channel at a time. So, it wasn't people watching 
multiple things of the same thing. I mean, it's   the same way in the streaming business and where 
I operate. I can multiream to multiple platforms,   but I only get one number because most people 
are just watching one stream. Regardless,   according to Jorge, well, let me tell you what 
happened. The Turning Point USA halftime show   peaked at 6.1 million live viewers during its 
live stream. With that, it became the most   watched live stream in United States history 
on YouTube. and that send a clear message that   not only Turning Point USA but the entire market, 
there's an audience and there is money to be made   because all of those people seem to fit within the 
demographic and this is a bigger conversation for   advertisers because everybody wants to make money. 
Right. Right. Worse yet, other reporting suggests,   including from the postmillennial, that half 
of US households were that were watching the   Super Bowl tuned out of the Bad Bunny halftime. 
And that report seems to be corroborated by the   minute-to-minute viewing data that came from Samba 
alone because guess what? These set top chips like   the ones that are, you know, the Samba enabled 
TVs and set top boxes show that breakdown. That's   how much data they have on you and they know when 
things fall off and when they're successful. Well,   right here in the middle, do you see where 
all these numbers go? Down considerably. And   if they got a 20 a near 20% collapse in overall 
viewership, what does that tell you about when   you get to things that are not samba enabled like 
the things that Neielen are supposedly tracking?   It tells you that things kind of fell apart worse 
than they want to claim. According to the story   at the postmillennial, nearly half of American 
households that tuned in to watch the Super Bowl   turned off Bad Bunny's halftime show performance 
when the woke rapper took the stage during the   game. Turning Point USA's All-American halftime 
show also broke records on YouTube live streams,   which we just talked about. Samba TV wrote on X, 
and again, this is not anything they have to do or   they're compelled to do other than to just deliver 
the data. They said, "Our latest viewing insights   reveal 48.6 million US households tuned in to 
the Super Bowl LX, representing a 13% decrease,   which I predicted here on my channel in a 
previous video. I'm going to point over there   and it might show up over there for you to look 
at." Regardless, Bad Bunny's halftime show was   down 39% from Kendrick Lamar's 2025 show. Those 
numbers are bad news. Not to mention the fact that   uh everybody finally recognized all the words 
uh translated words from Bad Bunny's songs and   they were absolutely filthy. So right now the FCC 
is involved in a investigation and it looks like   there are already being fines assigned not just 
to the NFL but also to Apple Music and NBC proper.   That would be Comcast looking at a halftime show 
that maybe they shouldn't have aired in the first   place. No matter what you think about Bad Bunny, 
and if you like his particular version of rap,   if you like what he does, his particular style of 
music, that's fine. I don't care. Both things can   exist. They can coexist. Even Jimmy Kimmel said 
that during one of his recent shows. You can have   Kid Rock and you can have Bad Money. What? Or Bad 
Bunny. And if that means that people are going to   watch one thing or the other thing, so be it. But 
what happens in a competing marketplace is that   advertisers want the dollars and the people that 
spend those dollars. And if you have a massive   demographic fit for a particular audience here in 
the United States, where should the advertising   dollars go? And that's the very motivation I 
believe for TPUSA to keep this competing halftime   show. So next year they promise we'll be getting 
another show where we're going to have a full   year to plan and an opportunity to see even more 
US- ccentric bands and US- ccentric music. Maybe   a few more country stars will appear. And that's 
where the NFL I believe has fallen apart. I think   they've lost the plot and created the opportunity 
for somebody to replace them. And they are being   replaced. I mean I didn't tune into the football 
game at all. First of all, it's from two teams in   markets that are small, while with decentsiz fan 
bases. You have the Seahawks and the Patriots.   It wasn't the Cowboys versus San Francisco. And I 
think the NFL is going to start steering away from   California based Super Bowls. In fact, the whole 
left coast is poisonous when it comes to their new   jock taxes that saw Sam Darnold have to pay money 
out instead of collecting money for a Super Bowl   that he actually won. Someday we're going to talk 
about that story. Let me know if you think that's   a good idea. But after all, your thoughts are 
as good as mine. So, let me know in the comments   section below. What you think. Was Bad Money 
more of a distraction than something that would   have been additive to the Super Bowl? Do you think 
that perhaps the Rock Nation contract is a poison   pill that the NFL has swallowed? Do you suspect 
that there is likely some changes coming into the   future for the NFL? and is one of those changes 
going to be Roger Gadell's replacement? As always,   let me know your thoughts in the comments section 
below. And be sure to take care of yourself,   take care of others, and until next time, 
see you. just not watching the Super Bowl.