I know people like to think of African people as as somehow passives of observers of their of their surroundings. No, we're not. We understand what's going on and we understand why it is happening. When Nijer started talking the way it was talking, talking about kicking out French troops, then it was obvious that it was only right that it would also join AES. And since the two became free, they've just been on a road to to decolonize themselves. Comrades that I organize with say that many of our countries have flag independence. Yes, you gave us a national anthem in 1960 1961. You um you allowed us to have our own our own uh flag, but most of our leaders are middle management for imperialism. Would you have freedom from wage slavery then join in the grand industrial land? Would you from misery and hunger be free and come do you share thy command? There is power. There is a power in a bed of working. That's a power. That's a power that must rule in every land. Would you have mansions of gold in the sky and a wooden shank way out in the back? Would you have wings up in heaven to fly and starve here with rags on your back? There is power. There is power in a band of working man. That's a power. That's a power that must rule in every land. If you had enough of the blood of the lamb, then join the grand industrial band. If you'd rather feast off your own land, then come do your share like a man. There's power. There's power. There's power in those working. There's power. >> There's power that across the land. Heat. Hey Heat. Come all you workers from every land. Then join the grand inspe of working man. There is power. >> There is power. >> There is power. >> There is power >> that will rule >> in every land. >> There is power. >> There is power. >> There's this power that will rule >> in every land. Welcome everyone to another episode of Escaping the Cave with Dr. Gerrio. We have a very special guest today. We have Akmed Cawayo here, a British Sudanese journalist based in Nairobi, Kenya. In 2022, he founded the now defunct, unfortunately, uh, Africa Stream, transforming the platform into one of the world's fastest growing anti-imperialist media outlets before getting sniped by the Biden regime couple years ago now, right? It's been Yeah. Um he is now the founder and director of sovereign media which if his experience with with uh African stream is uh any lesson I think will also take off as much as Africa African stream did. Uh thank you so much for being here. >> Thank you for having me. I've been watching your videos agreeing with all your analysis. So it's good to finally connect. I want to start by asking you a little bit about um what I think is one of the most important and interesting developments in geopolitics. What's going on in the Sahel um and how uh the alliance of Sahal states is basically creating the foundational infrastructure for what I I tend to understand as a form of pan-African socialist unity. Can you tell us a little bit of the story of how these um anti-colonial revolutionary coups occur in Mali Nger and Bkino Faso and what step what what steps have been taken concretely not just to unite uh on this pan-African basis but also to throw off the yoke of uh French and American neoc colonialism. >> Okay. Well, um, obviously Ibraham Ch gets a lot of the plaudit, but it actually started in Mali with aim go and it's because if people remember that it was Mali previous administration that invited the French to support them in their fight against the terrorist groups that were marching all the way to Bamako uh and destroying a lot of the um ancient artifacts and stuff in places like Timbuktu. Um, so what they quickly realized is that the French were not only not useful, but many of the of the senior leadership that were part of Asim Go's, you know, revolutionary council that took over believed that the French were actually working for the other side um and actually supporting this kind of terrorist surge to justify their their presence in the region. Um, and so there was a grassroots movement that came before the AES, uh, and people like Kimmy Seba, who's, uh, he was a French Benine dual citizen, but he's just had his French citizenship revoked. >> Um, and then now there's a national international arrest warrant out against his arrest by the Benine government. So the guy's not in a in a good place right now, but he's a a revolutionary that's been talking about CFA Frank, French involvement in Africa, uh you know, how much of the of of of these economies that are meant to be independent still hold their their money in the French development uh sorry in the French the French left French uh bank in Paris. So anyway, there was a grass movements that we are not really independent. We are not really sovereign states. Um and actually if we're going to get rid of this terrorist surge, we need to do it uh through sovereign nationalistic leaders that really want to to to have this fight and not just want to appease, you know, uh their masters in Perry. So it happened in in in Mali first and then of course the people in neighboring Bikina Faso like we've got the same problem. We're fighting terrorism. The French claim to be helping. It's not helping. And so then Ibrahim Chore who was a general in the army who had some of his comrades die on the battlefield and allegedly had seen airplanes resupplying some of these terrorist groups. So him and his comrades um uh took up arms and and did a a bloodless coup. And so now immediately they had warm relations with with um Mali um and were working closely together. And so usually they would mirror each other. So one kicks out uh Radio France, the other one kicks out Radio France soon after. One starts to nationalize mines, the other starts to nationalize mines. And it's almost kind of like a confederation between the two states and then nijair happens. So nijair happened. Um we were covering it right from the start. Uh because we had a producer that was in Bikina Faso and on day one when it happened he said can I go to Miami? Um and you know we were asking him like what's the sentiment on the ground um and people were excited. People were excited. Um but apart from echoas so for people who don't know the echoas is a confederation of west African states but it basically rules in the interest of France. Um and so they were saying that they need to reinstate uh the the the Frenchbacked leader Muhammad Boom. Um and that's when Mali and Bikino Faso said if you attack Bikino Faso we will come to its defense. No, if you attack Nija, >> we will we will we will come to their defense. >> So it initially became kind of like a joint defense thing against uh those in Echoas principally Nigeria under Bah Ahmed Tanibu >> that were trying to uh pull back the the revolution that was happening and it was a revolution. Uh you know the military took took power and there were tens of thousands hundreds of thousands in the street. the national stadium was full. Um there was an interesting kind of spin by CNN which we did a reaction to on African stream where they tried to say yeah there might be tens of thousands hundreds of thousands on the le uh uh on the street but Niami the capital of Niger is is full of political elites so these are just political elites that had a problem in Muhammad Muhammad Bazoo uh which is obviously not true in Nijair is one of the poorest countries in the world there's not hundreds of thousands of of political elites so anyway it It was clear that uh that this was seen as a threat to western interest and western mainstream media went into overdrive. Um so once uh the the statement was made by the leadership in in in Mali Bikina Fasil and Guinea Guinea wasn't really part of um AS and has since turned reactionary um um but they also said if anyone attacks um uh Nijair then we will join we we'll jump to their defense. uh Guinea for more self selfish reasons because it had its own coup and didn't want to have a precedent of overturning coups basically was was there but but in um in Marlin Bikina Fasa it was a bit more principled and it saw that this was came by popular demand nijair was one of the poorest countries in the world depending on what report you read read in 2023 when the coup happened it was either the second or the fifth poorest country in the world um uh 80% of the country uh didn't have access electricity. The electricity that it did have came through Nigeria. Um, it was selling off its uranium to France at dirt, dirt cheap price. It's now selling its uranium to Russia at a much higher price. That uranium is allegedly used to to to power things like the Eiffel Tower. Yet in in in Niger, the country is in darkness. So these are contradictions that you know people I know people like to think of African people as as somehow uh passives of observers of their of their surroundings. No, we're not. We understand what's going on and we understand why is happening. So um so when when Nisha uh started talking the way it was talking about kicking out French troops then it was obvious that it was only right that it would also join AES. And since the two became free, um they've just been, you know, on a road to to decolonize themselves. Uh you know, the comrades uh that I organized with say that many of our countries have flag independence. Um yes, you gave us a national anthem in 1960 1961. You um you allowed us to have our own our own uh flags, but most of our leaders are middle management for imperialism. Friends, we live under a dictatorship of capital still, which means that in order to keep up the work that we're doing, we need financial contributions. There's many different ways in which you can help us financially. You can become a Patreon at patreon.com/midwesternarks. You can buy some of our books, which you can find at midwestermarks.com/books. You can sign up for my classes and the other classes we offer with our Marxism school which you can see at the Midwestern Markx selfie page. You can also support my work personally as a writer and everything else that I do through Substack at my Substack page which is philosophy in crisis. In addition, if you want to support the American Communist Party financially, you can also donate to the party at ACP. If you want to subscribe to the party's journal, which I am the chief editor of, you can do so at redamea.acp. us. And if you can't support us financially at all, at least help us get our message out there. Share this program on your social media. Share it with your friends and family and co-workers and get it out as far and wide as possible. We thank you dearly. Nijair is probably you know the most obvious case out of the three but the same could be said about Marley which is one of the biggest gold producers in Africa. The same could be said about Bikina Faso where the where where when when there was an attempt of revolutionary leadership with Thomas Sankara uh we have you know the French uh back forces uh use uh Bla1 Compare his best friend take him out on behalf of imperialism and everything that Sankara was doing was flipped on its head. So, you know, we're we're not independent and the AES states understand we're not independent and they're desperately trying to carve out a space of sovereignty and they realize they can't do this on their own. And that's the essence of Panaffricanism. Pan the reason why Kwamian Krummer says we must unite or perish is because he could foresee what was going to happen. Yeah. If we become 54 atomized states, we're going to be in the state that we're in right now. Neoc colonialism. Uh, British companies control $1 trillion worth of assets in Africa. French control, I don't know how many millions or possibly trillions. Uh, we have uh the US entering in places like Gaban and funding the election of the incumbent president. So, you know, this isn't this isn't sovereignty. This isn't what the MAM mau in Kenya risked their lives for and and and engaged in guerrilla warfare. Um and so that's what the AS is about. That's why we support it constantly. People say to me, "What's your thing? Why do you like men in military uniform?" It's not I've not got a thing for men in military uniform. I've got a thing for people that are talking about sovereignty in 2026 and understand that we're not sovereign. It's as simple as that. >> That's beautifully said. And yeah, I that the spirit of Panaffrican unity that comes from Necruma that uh comes from Cabral uh that in the US also comes from WB Dubo um is central and it's important not just for uh Africa um which if it's going to be free it has to unite has to have sovereignty on the basis of of of pan-Africanism but it's central for you know the part of the world that I am from Latin America without a civilizational unity of um what the image that Marti used was very interesting. He said all of the trees must unite to prevent the giant of the seven leagues from passing through. Without that, you know, you're easily uh controlled because you're divided. Uh the same thing I think applies to the so-called Middle East or West Asia. Uh pan panarabic uh unity is really the only path uh forward, I think. Um, so I couldn't agree with you more there. You mentioned um the aftermath of that last of of three um um revolutionary coups that happened in the Sahel uh region in Nijair. Uh there was also massive protests in Nigeria against uh the Nigerian government doing what the US was was trying to get it to do through ECOAS. Which uh transitions me to my next question that I want to ask you. How have the people of Africa but perhaps more specifically the Sahel seen these developments in Bkina Faso Nishair and Mali. Um I I live amongst a lot of Nigerians. Uh I have a lot of friends that are Nigerians. They absolutely love Charary. They love Bkina Faso. They love all of these developments. And I thought well maybe this was the community that I'm embedded in in the US. But then I met a few of them when I was in Mexico recently and they loved as well. So it's uh it's interesting to see how how appreciated from the parts of the Sahel community that I've been able to interact with how appreciated these developments are. But you know as someone who's in Africa now how how are you seeing the reception um of of this uh new Panaffrican unity that is the AES? >> It's a great question. Uh, I'll start off with where I am in Kenya. In Kenya, there's this thing called Matus, which are local buses, but it's a whole culture. Like the local buses are like nightclubs. They spray paint. You You ever watch Pimp My Ride with um Exhibit? That show that used to be on. That's what the Matus are like. >> Uh they spray paint them. They put like graffiti and they have like huge sound systems and lights. The amount of my tattoos that have Ibraham Ché on the back of them. Yeah. In in in Kenya is crazy. I think we did a story on it on African stream before just documenting them. Just driving around and just documenting how many. So that's one. Uh you go into restaurants, you see like portraits of Ibra and this is in East Africa. Now the colonialist uh were very successful in dividing us as east, west, south, north. So, generally speaking, um, people in the east don't really know what's going on in the west. People in the west don't really know what's going on in the east and the south and the central. It's just the way it is. Um, so the fact that they're aware of him and inspired by him tells us everything we need to know because if you ask, you know, if you check the CIA fact sheets and they and you look up democratic societies in Ken in Africa, Kenya is listed as a democratic society. Nigeria is listed as a democratic society. But what's the conditions like in Kenya? People get kidnapped off the street for protesting against the government. Yeah. Um, corruption is through the roof. The the the uh Supreme Court ruled that it's unconstitutional to send Kenyan troops to Haiti. William R ignores that ruling and sends them anyway. So, this is democracy. Yeah. Uh the IMF wrote a report uh telling William R to push through what they called the finance bill. And in their report, they said, "This is likely to cause economic distress and protest against you, but we urge you to go ahead." So, a a guy who's in his first term that wants to get elected in his second term is pushing through something that's making him unpopular and less likely to be reelected, but he does it anyway because he's re he's not he's more answerable to the IMF than he is to the people. This is Kenyan democracy. Yeah. So, that's just Kenya. Now, let's go to West Africa. I used to live in Ghana for around seven months. When I lived in Ghana, the president at the time was is the president now, Muhammad. Yeah. He was the he was the VP. Then the president died and then he became the president. Uh he lost to Nana Akafu Ado who was like a uh he's the he's the African president that was telling the US, you need to help us get rid of Russia out of Africa. So complete Western puppet. He was um he was in power for eight years. Then Muhammad came back. Yeah. So I I say that to say I've seen Muhammad before I chore and I see him after Ibrahim Ch. And so what happened was Muhammad had his inauguration and because ties had kind of severed between Nano Kufu Adu and Bikina Fasa because of Ibrahim Ch. Muhammad who pitted himself to be different invited Ibrahim Ch to the inauguration. In the inauguration, out of every single leader in attendance, the biggest cheer was for Ibrahim Chur. Yeah. And Muhammad, who's in his like late 60s, might even be in his early 70s, I'm not 100% sure. Um, could see the agilation that this young guy had got. Yeah. And you could literally see it on his face him thinking, I want some of that. Yeah. And almost overnight, this kind of typical African technocratic leader starts talking all this revolutionary stuff, starts talking um uh uh how the UN needs to implement reparations and just starts doing all sorts of stuff. Um uh uh reopens uh relations with all AES members. >> Stops taking Echoas's position on Marley and Nisha. complete U-turn because he could see what um what you know what reception he was getting and he wanted some of it. And then we've got even in Kenya the speech that William RT gave at the UN to send troops to Haiti was dressed in Panaffrican language. Yeah. It was a very sophisticated speech. So what he did was he said he he named all he named the way Haiti has been oppressed without mentioning who they've been oppressed by. So it's like Haiti is being robbed and dispossessed for centuries. Not saying they've been robbed by the French and dispossessed by the Americans who I'm who I'm so anyway even the reactionary leaders now when they give speeches they dress it up in Panaffrican cloak. Yeah. >> So that's the effect of um of Ibraham Chore. Um when the head of Afric former head of Africam he's got sacked now Michael Langley um he gave that ludicrous speech where he says Ibraham Chore is trying to enrich himself um no he said he's um he's using the country's gold to for his own personal security. Yeah. which is a weird form of attack because a president, the head of a state is allowed to use the state's resources for such security, especially when you've had x amount of assassination attempts. But anyway, >> he made the statement um and I don't know if you remember this, there was protest in support of Ibram all throughout the world. Yeah, we I was part of one that was organized in London. Um there was one in Jamaica, couple in the US. Um, you know, >> we had some at the ACP. We did some in Miami and we had those the super anti-communist people like throw stuff at our guys and everything. >> Yeah. So, so, so, uh, there was an attempt to do a protest in Nigeria, but as soon as the Facebook group was set up, the Nigerian government went and arrested the people that were involved. Um, uh, so yeah, there's huge, huge support. Um, and Michael Langley got sacked soon after that. I guess we don't know why it is. Is it because of Trump's attack on DEI or is it because, you know, they've realized this Uncle Tom isn't as useful as we thought it is. Like having a black face attacking African leaders doesn't go down as well as we thought it might have. I'm not sure. But anyway, he lost his job soon after that. So it was hugely influential because of the same reason you know like in Nairobi uh we've just had this streamer uh I show speed in Nairobi and Ethiopia and and overall you know it's a very positive experience like it showed Africa in a different light and I'm not I'm not going to knock uh the young guy but what I will say is a lot of the way that people from outside Africa seem to judge development is by skyscrapers. They come into Nairobi, they see all these skyscrapers and they're like, "Wow, this place is so developed." What they don't realize is the biggest slum in Africa, Cabera, is here. The one of the second biggest slums, Matera, uh, is over here. Um, and the and and most of these people, um, the only time they step into a house made of brick is when they're cleaning it or when they're building it for somebody else. So the the inequality, the difference between the halves and the halves not uh the wealth the wealth concentration this isn't democratic uh by any metrics outside of the illusion of democracy that's been sold to us um in the west. Um so yeah people realize this and go you know this isn't how things should be. This isn't how my society should be. Um, I shouldn't have to work for someone at the UN so I can provide food on my table for those for myself and my family. Um, I shouldn't have to um rely on the generosity from my boss at the UN for medical treatment uh when my son gets ill. Um, yeah. So, so, so that's the popularity of of Ibrahim Chim Go and Abdahman Tani because people realize the progress that they tell us that we've had in reality for many of us is just not there. >> Beautifully put. Um part of uh the influence that Triayori and and the big three right have had um was felt recently in Benin when there was uh an attempt to have a similar style anti-neo colonial coup. Can you tell us a little bit about what happened there and u why why did it fail? um how important would it have been because it was a it's a coastal country it would have been very important I think for the AES uh and what role did France uh and their puppets in the region have uh in in ensuring its demise >> yeah um it's a great question there's a I'm sure you've read it Walter Rodney how uh Europe underdeveloped Africa >> there's a interesting story in there about Malawi and and John Chalemboy. Um, how the British and the Germans were fighting each other and they stopped fighting because they realized the uprising of John Chalemboy was more important to both of their interests than fighting each other. Yeah. Um, and that's kind of like what we saw in Benin. um all of these echoas countries. I'm going to sound like I'm contradicting myself because Ghana was part of it as was part of the the the military force to much of our disappointment cuz it looked like it was kind of going in a different way. Um but also France and Afric France and the US. So people that might not pay too much close attention might not realize that there's a bit of rivalry happening between France and the US in Africa. Yeah. >> So the the US is kind of banking on the idea that all of this kind of anti-French sentiment they can kind of sweep in. Um, and that's kind of what's happening. The the Bongo dynasty was removed. Um, but the US the cousin uh who's from the family dynasty is now in charge, but he's seen as the US's man as opposed to France's guy. Uh but France and the US were united in cushing this kind of uh coup in Benin and and to much of the surprise of many Nigerians fighter jets uh from Nigeria which have never been used to solve the terrorism problem to solve the pandit problem to solve the Baka haram problem were now being used deployed in a neighboring country to Kushaku which you know Africa's full of coups reactionary coups revolutionary coups. Why is it this coup? And it's precisely because of what you said. The biggest issue that the AES has is that it's landlocked. Um and and so had Benin had joined the AES, that would have been a game changer. It would have been a complete game changer. So they had to crush it. And they did crush it. Um and you know, people say, "How do you know it was a revolutionary coup? He never didn't enact any policies. We don't know his revolutionary coup by anything they did. Not particularly by anything they said, but we know because the forces that united to crush it. That tells us everything that we need. Everything that we need to know. >> Uh you're not going to get France tweeting, I've just got off the phone from Bola and Nigeria acting so quickly unless they thought this was something that threatened their interest. Um, so yeah. So, so that that's what it was about. Um, but there'll be many more. There'll be many more. I think I think they also wanted to to send a message that if you try we we might have let free revolutionary state slip through the net, but we're on it now. Don't think a fourth or a fifth is going to is going to join, but the the wind for change is too strong. Um and when the people when the people uh you know can can understand the primary condition contradiction affecting them it it might not happen today it might not happen tomorrow but it's going to happen it's going to happen we pray for it to happen in Nigeria there's not a greater contradiction in the African continent than Nigeria. Yeah. The the the the highest infant mortal, sorry, the highest maternal mortality in the world. Um the highest people living in extreme poverty. Yeah. One of the highest illiteracy rates, one of the lowest life expectancies in Africa, but yet it sits on the second largest oil reserves, and it technically has one of the biggest GDPs. This is the greatest example that your your version of success in in capitalist terms isn't success. Yeah. What uh and I've said this before on on many podcasts. Every time Nigerians leave Nigeria, they prosper. It's the state the neoc colonial state that that sucks public services dry. Yeah. There's a um Afro Beats uh singer who just died in her house um in a in a in a fancy part of town. She's living in a in a luxury apartment. She got bitten by a snake. Yeah. So you might go, "Oh, that's just unfortunate." She went to a hospital, no snake venom. Anti-nake venom. They take her to another hospital. No anti-nake venom. So Nigerians are saying she's she's been Nigerianed. Yeah. Which means no matter how much money that you have in the state, you can still face the same fate that Anthony Joshua's two friends face. Yeah. Where you in a car crash and there's no ambulance. Or my friend David Hyundai um who's a brilliant journalist that runs West Africa Weekly. His dad, same type of thing. His dad has a uh has an incident in the house. They call the ambulance. There's no ambulance. The ambulance driver is trying to trying to bargain with him about a bribe before he comes. This is this is the state of Nigeria. This is the state of Nigeria. Yeah. Where no matter how much money you've got, you can't escape it because the the the the state has been systematically stripped of its ability to provide basic needs um for the people. But in the eyes of imperialism, the only problem is in Nigeria is that is is the Christian so-called Christian genocide. Yeah. The neoliberal the neoliberal agenda is no problem. Keep going. Everything's fine. Yeah, I don't um I mean I don't know the situation on the ground that well, but it it it doesn't seem to me to be capable of lasting too long when a government is so completely unpopular with with their people as uh the government in Nigeria is, especially when you have these immediate nearby reference points of people who actually did what what you want to do because what when you're separated from seeing an alternative uh right next door, it might be even more difficult. You might uh be more willing to to restrain yourself from acting uh because you it's harder to have the imagination of well, what could be the alternative? But when right next door you see the alternative and you see an Africa working for Africans and developing infrastructure and schools and all of these different things that you're lacking even though you have tremendous uh wealth and and and possibilities for development that makes it I think a lot more likely uh for the people to have the willingness to act uh collectively. So I pray that that one of these days we end up with a pleasant surprise uh in Nigeria. I want to ask a little bit about the the CF CFA Frank um the currency that um it's central for the French to control Africa um and and specifically the territories that were formerly colonized and now neocolonized by uh by France. Uh what steps are being taken? What processes are in place uh to get rid of this by the AES? is I recently did a a video on this um this new Confederate uh development bank initiative that uh was proposed or that or they got kickstarted I think in late December and uh I want to say it was like half a trillion CFA Frank that went into it and there was people in the comments haters I'm sure talking about um trying to downgrade the experience of the AES because they haven't moved away from the CFA Frank yet but what sort uh processes are in place because I know there's a desire to move away from it. What what uh how where is it at at this moment? >> Yeah, I mean they've been talking about it for a while. Um and even the president um Bay of Sagal, that was his election campaign that we're going to get rid of the CFA. Frank, the problem is is it's a very difficult thing to do >> um for obvious reasons. um you know the any currency that you have is pegged to the US dollar. Yeah. So the Kenyan shilling right now is at 128 to the dollar. Um uh but before they accepted these loans and all of the conditions of the IMF, it was at like 165. Yeah. So you can see how they can manipulate your currency. Um, and as Hein Kissinger said about Chile in 1973, make your economy scream. So the the I hate to use the word benefit, so forgive me, but the benefits quote end quote of the CFA Frank is it's pegged to the euro. Yeah. So even if they don't like what you're doing in bikinas, they can't kill you with your with your currency because they'd be killing themselves in the process. Yeah. So, so that's the that's the reason like you know we I hear you talk about this a lot and and and I use it in my analysis. We can't talk about these things in the abstract. Yeah. There's like there's the real world. There's the real world and and and real life impact of of of changes. As soon as they move to a currency um an independent currency, then the only way they can stabilize it is through importing things and exporting things that can allow them to have US dollars, which means you're going to serve US markets. Yeah. So, it's it it's a it's a very difficult uh uh square that they're trying to circle. Is that the same or or the way around? Um so, yeah. So that's the reason it's not because they don't recognize it as an instrumental tool of control especially because you know so much of the reserve currencies held in Paris etc. Um it's just that they're aware that they're in a war. Yeah. Some of these some of these uh some of our leaders of the past it took them too long to realize we are at war with imperialism. Yeah. >> When we do A B C D imperialism is going to do D E F. Yeah. Um, so that the they're the they're they're trying to um make a calculated chess move and do it when the time is right. Um, where their currency isn't completely um, you know, crashed as soon as as soon as it's announced, as soon as it's implemented, sorry. >> Very well put. And that's uh, the perspective that a lot of these commentators lack. These are it's the same type of spirit that guides that sort of question I was asked in the in the chat that leads people to say, well, why doesn't Xi Jinping just press the communism button and automatically implement like a full scale communism in China? It's like, no, the the world is how it is and you might think it is a certain way in your head, but uh there's real contradictions at play that countries have to terry with that they can't just ignore or flatten over. And uh the current system, this is why I really like the framework of of Michael Hudson of thinking about it as super imperialism like the basis of imperialism is this uh hegemony of the dollar. And that's very it's going to take a lot of struggle and a lot of uh multipolar unity uh to to overcome. And I think there's real concrete steps towards global deolarization that are being taken. But it's all a process. If you're sitting here and you're calling yourself a Marxist or whatever and you're you're wanting for things to change that quickly, you're forgetting about one of the basic insights of the materialist dialectic, which is that everything is in a constant state of flux and this is going to be a process. It's going to take time and you can't expect it. Um, you know, it's cliche, but Rome wasn't built in a day, right? It's going to take time uh for for these processes to get to where they've been wanting uh to go from from the beginning. um one of the to it's a good segue I guess um to ask you about how you're seeing the integration of the countries in the AES into this new emergent still somewhat embriionic right because it's hard to think about us being in a multi-olar world when when something like the genocide in Palestine can occur for years with uh you know the actors the main perpetrators having basically impunity um or what's going on in Sudan or you know many different parts of the world that there's so many catastrophes that in a or genocides that in a in a multipolar context ideally you you wouldn't have but um how do you see the integration of the AES into this emergent multipolar world led by of course China and Russia >> I In the AES context, it's primarily Russia. Um, and you know, I would just be dishonest to say that Russia has paid a huge contribution in in helping to fought coups, in providing security support, in doing all the things that the French said they were doing um in the in their over 10 year presence uh fighting terrorism um which saw by the way an 800% increase in terrorism in the Sahal. So from from when the French first entered to when they left, we saw an 800% increase and we saw the the the Sahal is actually now the epicenter of the so-called, you know, fight against terrorism. So So if there really was a war on terror, they should be, you know, the US's greatest allies. Uh but obviously they're not because it's never been about fighting terrorists. Um, so in terms of security cooperation, it's there and it's essential. Um, I guess what some people are asking is, you know, there's no such thing as a as a as a free ticket, as a free meal. Um, so what does it mean in terms of uh in the long run, what are they having to give back? Well, what I would say is you if we're going to support revolutionary movements and revolutionary leaders, we got to we got to trust that they know how to negotiate the best interest of their own country. And you know what happens a lot in what I call afroentrics. Um so afroentrics and pan-Africanists are completely different. Afroentrics believe it's about waving incense in the air. um which is you know I I don't mean I don't mean that in a in a negative way because reclaiming culture is an important part >> but they but they believe it begins and starts there. Yeah. So it begins and ends there. Um and you know you never hear them talk about like scientific socialism uh how is Africa going to unite under what governance what system etc etc. So a lot of the uh afroentrics who have an ahistorical analysis of these things they're like Africa doesn't need anyone. We're okay on our own. What they do not realize is before the advent of colonialism and human trafficking system that they call uh the transatlantic slave trade which I call the European slave trade uh cuz the Atlantic Ocean never enslaved anyone. Um before that we had trade with China, we had trade with India. Uh there's evidence that Mansam Musa's brother uh had gone through the Americas uh with with hundreds of ships. So this idea that we were some sort of insular continent that just said we, you know, this is the Garden of Eden and we have all that we need here and we're never going to step outside and train. It's just ahistorical. Yeah. So um it's probably not the best analogy, but I'll I'll use it. If you have a friend that's been in an abusive relationship, the worst advice you can give them is you should never date another person again. Yeah. No, you was in an abusive relationship with this partner. We was with in an abusive relationship uh with with Europe primarily um and then you know with Liberia with the United States at a later stage um but that doesn't mean that we have to cut ourselves off from the rest of the world. Um, so you know, uh, I'm open to to to to those relationships as long as they're done on an equal footing. And there was I'm trying to remember the details of this. I remember that the AES had kind of not scolded but kind of issued a statement to the Chinese um about, you know, something to do with mining. Um, and the difference between the Chinese and the West was the Chinese go okay understood. this is your laws, we're complying. So, it doesn't mean that in a multipolar world that you have to be people's [ __ ] Yeah. Uh, sorry, not politically correct. It just means that you're open to trade with whoever you want to trade with because you are sovereign, independent, free people. >> And of course, we're open to that. >> Very well said. And yeah, as far as that point about the difference between the Panaffricans and the Afroentrics, it's such a good point. Um, African civilizations have have always had commerce with uh other parts of the world, whether it's southern uh Europe and the Mediterranean area or Asia. You must remember some of the first major civilizations, Carthage, uh Egypt, they all had trade and interactions with um with what's called the the West, which it's hard to consider it at that point as as what has been labeled now uh the West. But um yeah, I as a philosopher, one of the things I I try to do whenever I start my uh classes um is mention how this history that we're supposed to say about the origins of of Western philosophy. It's kind of in its very uh initial premises wrong uh because it paints the origin of the discipline as stemming from uh the west or Greece. And first of all, even the thinkers that we're supposed to start with, they were in Meus, which was a part of what today we'd call southwest uh Turkey, part of the Archimedian Empire for a very long time, Persian Empire. Uh which I mean would people today call Iran uh west, you know. Um but also there's a bunch of evidence textual evidence from the first historians like Heroditus that all of these Greek philosophers from Plato onwards they always took trips uh to Egypt to learn and there's traces and recent scholarship that has shown uh the ideas some of the central ideas that we attribute to the qualitative pluralists various Plato Aristotle etc. You can find them up to a millennium prior uh in Egypt. So that just shows how interconnected um African civilizations have have always been with other parts of uh the world. How much influence they've played on other parts of uh the world. Um I have a question. >> Let me just add by the way. >> Yeah. >> Let me just add as a Sudanese person. King Tahaka who was uh uh an emperor of the kingdom of Kosh the 25th dynasty that took over Egypt for 100 years and united both the Kushhatic and and Kem empires. He's referencing the Bible. >> Yeah. He's he'd gone all the way to uh to Alud Jerusalem. Um so I just as a Sudanese and our country is at war and people think all we do is war. I just had to bring up the hacker. But anyway, go ahead with your question. >> You guys also put out some great music. There's this Sudanese band that I've been listening to non-stop with my wife Nuri and his Dorpa band. I don't know if you've heard of them, but they're there's this album. They have Beha Power. That's uh amazing. Um very similar, I think, to some of the like Afrouban music that um that I kind of grew up with as a Cuban. um to ask you a a question that's a little bit difficult. Um as we all know Sankara was was betrayed uh and that experience in Burkina Faso that that was going amazingly up until that point was squashed and and reversed. There's already been quite a few attempts on Tror's life. Thankfully none of his close associates uh have done what uh what was done to Sankara. uh but we can't imagine that these attempts promoted by the west aren't going to continue. What uh is preventing the current process in Bkino Faso from ending up how it ended up with Sankara? Do you think that there's been a real grasping of of the lessons of how it ended up with Sankara or what are your thoughts on that? How how can that be prevented? >> It's a great question. Um, I' I would I'd love to say the civil defense. So, there are these patriotic bikinina bays that sleep outside the presidential palace. Um, and you know, there day and night on shifts. Um, they have tents and old Bikina Bay women come and bring them food and drink. So, there's that. But but if I'm being honest, after what we saw in Venezuela where there was one point when I went there in 2019, there was over 1.5 million civil defense and that morphed into 5 million allegedly uh by 2026. So I don't know to be honest. Uh, I guess the best the best the best antidote against that is Bla1 Karee the man that was Thomas Sankara's best friend that betrayed him. >> He will go down in eternity as in Bikina in Bikina Faso and in Africa >> as one of the greatest traitors. >> Yeah. much like Mabu uh in in uh DRC in Congo that that betrayed uh Patrice Lamba, but Blaze Compare more so. Yeah. Um so, you know, that legacy follows your family, follows, you know, everyone, your in-laws. Um, so anybody that were to do that to Ibrahim Choy at this current stage, you're basically cursing your future generations and anyone associated with your family name. Yeah. And in Africa that means, you know, it does mean something. It means something anyway. But but but but people, you know, I mean, when I say it means something, um, in the West, if you fall in love with someone, you fall in with someone. It doesn't matter who their family is. Yeah. in Sudan, people are looking through three generations of what your family did. Yeah. So, you know, it it really does mean something if you betrayed your people. So, that's the the the the greatest um asset that we have that Blae Compare's trial is still ongoing. Yeah. There's still an arrest warrant out for him. He's still in exile. uh the trial against the trial um for his killing of Thomas car. I think it happened like in 2022. So it's all quite recent. Yeah. Um so anyone that's thinking of betraying has that in mind. But that being said, it hasn't stopped people. Now whether those people have been part of his inner circle or not, who knows? Um, but the thing that scares me if I'm being honest, and it's a it's a very good question, there was something that um the Irish Republican Army said um when they tried to assassinate Margaret Fchure, they said um she I think the quote was, "We she we only have to be lucky once. She has to be lucky every single time." >> Yeah. >> And and it's the same thing with all these assassination attempts. um you know, they keep getting uh uh uh they keep getting, you know, they're unsuccessful time and time again, but all it takes is one of these traitors to be successful once. But I'd like to think that that there's a movement uh behind Ibrahim Ch and if he was to fall, others would rise. >> Yeah. And we have African stream and now on um and now on sovereign media we have a sister in Bikina Faso um in them um who tells us that that this is a movement and actually this is something that I'll bring up and it's quite controversial. You know a lot of the western left were trying to attack Ibrahim Chore on this on this question of LGBT homosexuality. Um I don't know if we should if I should stop here in case you might get Okay. Um so the thing that people don't understand is almost every decision that is taken comes from the grassroots. Yeah. >> And that the the the the in Bikina Faso in other parts of of the Sahal they've associated wrongly in my opinion but they've associated the LGBT agenda with Western imperialism. Yeah. So when they say we're going to decolonize and take back sovereignty, they mean in all aspects and they think this law is part of that. So there was a grassroots movement that made its way to Ibraham Chore and Ibraham Chore wasn't even him, it was the parliament then issued the law. Yeah. So it's very important to understand the mechanics of how this worked. It isn't just him by you know presidential decree just waving his wand here, there and everywhere. Yeah. So, so when people try to attack Ibrahim Chry on this, firstly, you're just reinforcing the idea that this is about Western imperialism because the only places where these attacks happen is like London, Paris, uh the United States, uh Washington, LA, you know, in Bikin Faso, nobody is saying Ibrahim Ch needs to be overthrown because of LGBTQ law. So what I'd say to the to the comrades, if you want this to change, you need to engage on a comrade to comrade basis with the grassroots in Pina Faso. Yeah. It you don't it doesn't work when you attack someone who has become the the walking embodiment of the revolutionary movement to decolonize and take back sovereignty. That's very well said and and that's an issue that man there's so many contradictions there because uh I mean we face it all the time because our our simple position for instance as a party has been like don't discriminate against anyone which means that we allow conservative workers to be in the party and and people who think we're liberal on these issues to be in the party and they coexist uh peacefully but because we have that openness to if you're a Catholic and you have certain traditional or more conservative values you could still be in the party and be part of the class struggle We've gotten a whole ton of hate from other parts of uh you know the left that came before us and there's so many contradictions at play when you analyze like well most historical communist societies or even some present ones like China they're a little bit more conservative right if you think of liberal and conservative from the standpoint of how it works in the US a lot of these societies are even more conservative than the Republican party are you going to cancel them over that or are you going to realize Okay, there's some cultural differences there. Maybe I might disagree because of my uh you know, the culture I grew up in, but I'm not going to condemn them over it. And it's very rich when I see these [ __ ] people condemn the person that I I think for me almost symbolically embodies the hope of African freedom over these things without an understanding of that grassroots component. And what's interesting, you know, there was a new dimension that I came to see in in what's at stake here uh through reading um David Greyber's book on debt, the last 5,000 years of debt. Because one of the things that you find is that throughout the last 5,000 years of civilization, you would have these interesting phenomenon where in the city centers was where more like cosmopolitan liberal style um values were centered. And what end up what what would end up happening is that when people would grow indebted and and just tired of the existing order, they would go to the pastorial outskirts of society. uh to to basically the countryside, right, outside of this the city centers. And those would end up over time becoming the centers of resistance against the city. And what they would hate about the city was not only political corruption, economic exploitation, indebtedness and all of that, but the culture that was tied to it. And so some of the more conservative values were historically tied to the forces of resistance against the city civilizational centers such that if you draw the line there, you are effectively saying, "Hey, the last 5,000 years of revolutionary struggles against um uh the centers of exploitation of the world, I'm not going to side with the people actually fighting back because they don't have the cultural proclivities and alignment in terms of values. that you see in the center. They effectively would place themselves on the side of every oppressor throughout history. And we're seeing it here now. Like, if you're not on Troy's side, whose [ __ ] side are you on? You're on the side of the French and you're on the side of the American imperialists. So, it's like, guys, really sit there and think, what is your red line? Is your red line going to be imperialism as the principal contradiction which is what I think all Marxists uh should come to the conclusion of or is your red line going to be LGBTQ issues? Like seriously sit there and think about it because some people usually say well it's one thing. I'm going to say it's one thing but then they act in ways that as you and I will know are contrary to what they say. Um I wanted to switch course. We've been talking mainly about the AES and um we've been talking for almost about an hour now. I want to ask the the last question about the country that you're from, Sudan. Uh I've seen estimates from anywhere from 100,000 to close to half a million people that have been killed. Uh and the way that it's framed by the Western media, as you all know, is in a way that absolves them of any responsibility of what's going on. Uh so can you tell us a little bit about what what's what's going on in in Sudan and what influence have western colonial powers have have had in in in creating the situation we're witnessing or have been witnessing for years. >> Sure. So Sudan is obviously on the Red Sea and anyone that knows the geography of the Red Sea, almost every country on the on the Red Sea is either in conflict or complete US vessel state with military bases and huge military budgets. Yeah. So Egypt has the largest military budget in Africa and the large and and one of the largest uh military aid packages from the US. It's on the Red Sea. Sudan's on the Red Sea. Aritraa is sanctioned to death. It's on the Red Sea. >> Um it's being threatened by Ethiopia every single day at the moment. >> Um Yemen is on the Red Sea. Djibouti is home to the world's most military bases. Um it's basically it's not a country with military bases. It's military bases with a country. Um and so this is this is you know a very uh strip of water. And so the UAE um believes that the the situation in all these countries are eventually going to collapse. So what he's trying to do is is trying to pick a side before the eventual collapse and partition of these countries. Um and we see we see this time and time again. So they back like General Hafta in Libya. they uh the back the the secessionist movement in what they call Somali land and puntland. Um uh and they also back uh the RSF in Sudan. Um and for many reasons, one of them is the gold from Sudan. uh its primary destination is the United Arab Emirates where all of these the the the elites from what they call the Middle East, what we call West Asia, go there and buy all these big d uh gold bracelets and earrings. Uh but it's also to do with uh uh food production as well. So Sudan has the most arable uh land uh in terms of by by uh square kilometer in Africa. It's the third biggest country. Uh but the countries above it in terms of size is Algeria which so much of it desert >> Congo which so much of it is uh rainforest. So Sudan has all of this arable rich uh farmland and and the UAE is not in any way food sovereign. Um so it's trying to buy up arable farmland not just in Sudan um uh but in places like Liberia and uh Zambia and other places. So there's that. uh but also it wants to control uh access to the Red Sea um under the you know it has heavy interest in Yemen supporting the the successionist movement of the ST STC um and obviously it has ideological differences with the Allah Hufi movement. So all of these reasons believe that they need to have a foothold in Sudan that the Islamist army um because of its you know links to the Muslim Brotherhood movement which I'm obviously no fan of um but because of that they believe that it's it's closer in the Turkey Qatar orbit uh and and therefore much harder to court. So they've got they've gone full throttle in backing this gun for hire genocidal militia called the RSF. Um and the U they've done this with tacit US approval from the start uh because the US again believed that um you know the brotherhood is also an unreliable partner and and they were very uncomfortable with this discussion of a Russian naval base in Sudan. Um, so that's what I'd say the principal reasons are for the war. Um, that's the reasons why the war continues. This is a gun for hire mercenary group with no ideology. It's not like they're they're claiming to be socialist or, you know, any other ide. It's literally they're getting paid to fight. They're fighting. Uh, they're the corrupt puppet UAE regimes of Chad, Ethiopia. Um there's le less evidence of it, but allegedly Uganda and South Sudan are a supply route for the RSF to receive their weapons and also a supply route for the gold that the RSF takes and steals from Sudan to go to uh to um the UAE. But the way it's framed, you're completely right. The way it's framed and it's done it's done this way purposely is this is just another African civil war. Two generals. The amount of times I've just had two generals, two generals, two generals. It's a proxy war. Um, and the Sudanese army with all of its contradictions, you know, it's it's it it's an its brotherhood, etc., etc., with all of its contradictions, the mass of Sudanese people are supporting it because they realize this is an existential fight for Sudin sovereignty. If if the Sudin um uh army win, the war's over. If if the RSF win, Sudan's over. Sudan as we know it's over. So that's what's at stake right now. >> Very well put. Um this has been a very rich conversation. I think hopefully uh one of uh many more. Uh it's been very informative and enjoyable. Uh is there anything you would like to plug to point the attention of our viewers to before we go? We're going to be putting all of your social media on the description, but besides that, is there anything you'd like people to check out? >> Um, no. I' I've got I've got a new project, Sovereign Media. Um, those that followed me know the applicant stream is no more, but please follow uh Sovereign Media. And like me and Carlos have done, like-minded people, wherever we are in the world, we need to connect. That's the most important thing that I want to plug. Yeah. Like-minded people. If we're really for socialism, scientific socialism, not the mandani socialism, if we're really for that, then we need to connect. >> Very well said, man. Uh the imperialists want us divided. Uh that's the way that they can control us. And the anecdote to that is unity. Principled unity. So, thank you so much for being here, brother. >> Thank you for having me.