Yesterday afternoon, Mythic Talent made an official announcement that reads, "We have spoken with Asmin Gold and mutually agreed to part ways. Mythic represents creators from a wide range of backgrounds and perspectives, and we're committed to fostering an environment grounded in respect and responsibility. We remain focused on supporting our creators and continuing our mission to help them build sustainable long-term careers, getting 6.7 million views and 19,000 likes as of recording, but also locking the responses. Realistically, all they had to say was the first sentence there. If that's true, but they add the corporate jargon after, and I always find that amusing. It's like, oh, we foster an environment that respects people. Yeah, dude. Every company ever's going to say the same thing. Wow, good job. Okay, so what actually happened here? Well, who knows for sure unless Asmin Gold shares more information about all of this. Maybe he will, maybe he won't. We'll have to wait and see. That said, there is a Twitter influencer named Casey Tron who seems to be taking some credit for this, saying that she wasn't going to let up on Mythic. So, she didn't like Asmin Gold. She finds him problematic and was really bothering Mythic about this, I guess. And now she's kind of taking credit for uh for that statement. That's really something. It's like, hey, I'm a Karen and I'm proud, man. You you you see some wild people on the internet, that's for sure. Things get even stranger, though, because hours ago, Mythic actually made a second statement. This one involving a former talent of theirs named Grimmie and payment discrepanceries that were alleged by Grimmie towards Mythic. For example, Grimmie had previously shown this information on a live stream where we seem to have her discussing a contract with a Mythic rep. We can see the offers for a deliverable. In this context, that being a two-hour Twitch stream for a redacted company, presumably that company is a game, probably a gotcha game or something like that. Anyways, the Mythic rep shows that the offer for that deliverable is $2,000 minus 20%. Which presumably is Mythic's cut, but I'm not 100% sure what that is, but that's not the problem. Anyways, as Grimmie would go on to say, would it be possible to get the completed signed by both parties contract for this? Here's where the problem seems to arise. as the mythic rep responds and says, "Got the contract. Our system states it's actually 2100 versus 2,000." So, I dug into what happened and it was a typo with the brand. So, it was resolved between our sales team and their sales team. So, you were always going to get the proper amount. Just the information didn't quite reach me. Which is avi still an issue? What's with all the lowercase chat and abbreviating obviously into Avi? Like I understand it's a Discord chat, but this is still a professional discussion and your talent's concerned about potentially being out money and like financial issues at the company. And that response is just so unprofessional. It really is. Back to the main topic though. So the issue that Grammy seems to be alleging is that Mythic is getting an offer from X company for deliverables for their influencers and in this context specifically her. and that the offer Mythic is turning around and giving the talent in this context, her isn't actually accurate to the original offer from the company when they approached Mythic and that it was actually more, but now Mythic is giving less to the talent and pocketing that money. I believe that is the heart of the issue that Grimmie is getting at. Now, whether that's true or not, I have no idea. I'm just trying to explain what I think is going on here. And so, once again, Grimmie then asked to see the contracts to get the actual numerical number after she thinks this is occurring. And the response from the mythic rep is that it does say 2100 verse 2K, but that it's simply because there was a typo and that she was always actually going to get the proper amount. This is now making the news. For example, Ye had posted mythic talent denies skimming funds after Grammy accused them of doing so, reposting the mythic statement we read a moment ago. There's clearly a lot going on in a very short time frame. Let's take a look at this summary from Darken and Joyer says, "Talent's leaving Mythic silently. Grimmie comes out with her account of sponsorship cuts, gets a majority payment out of the sponsor, while Mythic gets a cut for negotiating. Grimmie later calls the sponsor and finds out that the real offer was higher. Mythic skimmed extra without saying anything and they took more than the agreed 20%. She alleges black company behavior and tells other talents to demand their own sponsor docks. When confronting Mythic gets, oops, it was a typo and they refuse to show the full sponsor contract. Next day, Asmin Gold dips and Mythic drops a PR tweet for their sponsors. Crazy stuff, man. I do wish everyone the best, but that's where I'm going to leave the coverage. That is the latest. Let me know what you think about this stuff in the comments. And I'm just looking forward to getting back to playing STS2 today. I'm not going to lie. I did pick it up. It was actually a lot of fun. And I have a crazy training week. I have a crazy training week up ahead. So, I'm really just uh trying to get back to gaming today, not going to lie. But yeah, thank you for tuning in. Have a great week as well, guys. and I'll see you next time.