A few days ago, one of the developers who had just been fired from Wild Light, the creators of Highguard, took to social media to give his raw opinions on the matter. TLDDR, it's Mamer's fault that Mame failed type of business. And they really did play up the victim role. We're an independent company. We're not part of the machine. this is uh terrible for gaming. Independent studios are going to have a really hard time making multiplayer games. Well, it turns out that the money to fund the game might not have come from independent sources, but actually might have come from a massive Chinese company, you know, 10 cent. Hi everyone, it's AZ here from Heel versus Babyface. A few days ago, Wildlife Studios, the people behind the game High Guard, which was announced at the Game Awards last year in December, that is now in a mitigated disaster, but we'll get to that later, fired approximately 90 odd% of their staff because their game High Guard, which launched to about 97,000 people playing it, uh, lost 97% of its bloody audience within a few days. And now it only has just over 1,000 to 2,000 odd players. In actuality, scrap that, cuz it actually only has 931 players right now, which means from its peak just over 3 weeks ago, it's actually lost 99.05% 05% of its player base. That's very careless, one might say. What's even more concerning now is 90% of the staff gone, 99% of the player base gone, and during the end phases of the real BBC stream, myself, Gary, and Maul yesterday, this happened to the website. Da High Guard site unavailable. This site is currently unavailable. Please contact support at code32.com for assistance. And this isn't a screenshot. This is actually the live site. A day later, it still hasn't come back up. It looks like we're in the final death throws before High Guard is, I would imagine, complete and utterly cut off. After being fired from Wild Light Studios, one of the developers there called Josh Soil took to X, uh, formerly Twitter, to reflect on the shipping of their first game. Ultimately, it just turned into a it's all the gamer's fault. We are just a small independent company. We were hoping this was going to be the making of us. But alas, we got absolutely shhat on after the Gamer Awards, blah, blah. Oh, woe is us. as he refused to take any responsibility whatsoever for the studio's faults in the downfall of this game. Now, I did a video going through all of it. Go check it out. It's on the channel because I had a feeling that he might delete it in a couple of days time. I was kind of right because a few days later Josh decided to delete the whole of his ex account and probably run off to Blue Sky where you know he can be gaslit by everybody else. But the thing that really struck me in the post that he put was this. Even if Highguard had a rocky launch, our independent, self-published, devled studio full of passionate people just wanting to make a fun game with zero AI and zero corporate oversight deserved better than this. Well, I think that's going to come back to haunt Josh right now because yesterday a website called GameFile are now claiming that that the the funding behind Highguard was actually 10 cent. Now, just in case you don't know who Tencent are, and they're a massive Chinese company that has quite a few irons in the Western gaming industry and the Eastern gaming industries fires. Uh, here's a little bit of a breakdown. They fully own the following. Riot Games, 100% of it. Supercell, majority owner. Funcom fully acquired. Large majority stakes are in Epic Games 40%. Ubisoft where they've been buying a lot recently. From software they are a minor stakeholder. Grind Grinding Gear Games majority owned but brand remains independently facing Fat Shark and they acquired a majority stake there. I think we all know who 10 cent are now according to anonymous sources and I do have to stress right now that I hate anonymous sources. There might as well be called tomato ketchup or brown sauce, but in this instance, there just seems to be a link. There just seems to be something which makes me believe that they're actually on to something. Who spoke to GameFile? 10 cent was the game's biggest financial backer. And they didn't do it directly. They did it through a subsidiary which was TMI or TM studio which is this company here. Now they don't realize why there was a load of secrecy around this and surrounding this and they don't know the exact amount of money that was used to fund the game but it is speculated to be a substantial amount. So, this is where I think things can get rather interesting. There is a really easy way, if this news is absolute rubbish, for Wild Light Studios to demolish it, and that is simply to show where the funding came from. If the funding didn't come through TI, who are owned by Tencent, then it'd be very easy to disprove. No, this is a nonsense rumor. We were not funded by the massive Chinese conglomerate, even though we're trying to pass ourselves off as a small independent, self-publishing, self-backed studio of developers. by simply showing where the money actually came from. So in this instance, I am actually very okay with sources say because it would actually put some pieces that were confusing into the puzzle because a lot of people after the announcement at the game awards actually hit up Jeff Keley and said, "The way that you're pushing this, the way that you're promoting this, do you have a stake in the game itself?" And Jeff Key was like, "No, I've got I've got no stake in this game whatsoever." So then there was, "Why did they get the final spot? This is a spot that's allegedly worth between $500,000 to a million dollar depending on the length of the trailer itself. And yet it was apparently given for free because it was a small independent studio of independently dev independently when in actuality it was probably just 10-centent pay it. And that would make a lot more sense. I'm not saying it's exactly right, but it just makes a lot more sense than the other idea. I don't think High Guard is too long for this mortal realm. I think it's going to shut down exceedingly soon. They simply don't have the number of players and the number of players cannot translate into finances. They've lost 90% of their staff. This whole thing was just so bizarre from start to near finish. But regardless, if everything just falls apart now, we might never know. But I got a feeling I have a feeling in my waters that we are going to find out ultimately the full story of High Guard, where the money came from, how all the pieces came together. It might not be immediately, but after it goes, and it's going to go very quickly, I think we're starting to get little bits of extra information. I think more people are going to start opening their mouths and details are going to come together. Well, come what may, High Guard has become part of the Concordian timeline as it's now being referred to and will be forgotten about just as quickly. I'll see you in the next video. YOU TAKE CARE. GOODBYE, BALOBU.