Hey guys, welcome back to Clownfish TV. This is Neon. I am here with Geeky Sparkles. >> Hello. >> And it's time for a long overdue daily dose of dismal Disney. We're going to talk about Disney's new brain fart, which is vertical videos on Disney Plus. Uh there's a lot of chatter about them doing AI content, userenerated content, and it looks like they're just going to do commercials, >> right? So they've been promoting this Verts as like, oh, we're going to start having, you know, our customers can generate their own content and all of their other stuff. And that's kind of how they've been promoting it, but that's not what they're doing initially. They're saying, oh, down the road. What they're doing initially is they're going to put these shorts in a vertical format on Disney Plus or so you can watch use on your app and it's they're just commercials. They're basically just commercials for their stuff or or news, which is probably their ABC News and things like that cuz they they're getting their butts kicked by YouTube and Tik Tok. So, their takeaway is we're going to try to steal their format, but we're still going to control everything that's on it, and it's not the same thing. Disney, >> yeah, I don't think this is going to work. Well, we're going to talk about some some precedents, some situations we saw from the inside with Disney trying to, I guess, uh, play outside of its lane. >> Hey there, fellow kids. >> Hey there, fellow kids. And they usually wind up just, you know, blowing themselves up in the process. Um, we'll talk about Maker Studios, which was a thing like, God, I guess it's been like 10 years now. Maker Studios triggered the first apocalypse. This was Disney buying the largest creator network, the largest MCN that had a lot of the biggest, you know, gaming content creators and family content creators. And we were actually part of that. We had another channel, not this channel, before this channel. We had another channel that was actually part of Maker Studios. And we watched it implode from the inside. And Disney just does not know what to do with social media because they want to control it like they do their employees, like they do their communications. >> They're they're never going to be able to do creator content because they they cannot stand. They're they're too busy worrying about their brand and being latigious about everything. There's no way they're going to be able to let let enough control go that people can actually make content that other people want to see. there. There's just no way in hell they're going to allow it unless you go through they're going to have so many rules in play that one, no one's going to want to do it. And two, the ones that do are going to be so con confined everybody's just going to go to Tik Tok and YouTube anyway. >> Yeah. Yeah. And that's just it. I think that I think they're stupidly thinking that they're going to get all these people that are making, you know, Disney adjacent content or whatever to come over to their platform, make it theirs, and and that's not going to work because they don't, again, it's a control thing. Disney are control freaks. They do not want people making unapproved content. >> Yeah. Unapproved. And you don't understand the approval process. Even to get an article up is insane. Oh, yeah. But, you know, you know how like everybody's over there on TikTok and they're doing these pro Disney and parks, you know, posts. Yeah. They're going to want that to advertise their parks for free, free advertising. But what they're not going to want is the videos that do the best where, oh, this attraction broke down. Oh, there's a fist fight at the parks. Oh, someone, you know, caught this on fire or something like that. They're not going to want that. They're going to suppress that. They're not going to want that over there. You're only going to see the puff pieces and basically it's people making content for them to use as advertising for free. >> Yep. So before >> you pay for it because you have to pay for your subscription. >> You pay them pay them for the for the the privilege of being able to make commercials for them. That is a very very Disney thing. So before we get into it any further, please subscribe for more pop culture news views and rants guys. Get woohoo if you do. >> Woohoo. >> Now a little bit of uh background here for those of you who may be new. We actually do have years of experience working with Disney on different levels. Uh like I said, we were part of Maker Studios. Before that, we worked on a lot of their comic books. Um so we've been contractors. We had a theme park uh blog for years that we worked on with uh one of their biggest travel agents. >> We were optioned for some shows. >> We were optioned for some animated series. So we we have a very long history with Disney, which is why we talk about Disney on this channel. can't vouch for other people talking about Disney, but in our case, uh, we actually do have a history with that company on a variety of levels. We know how they think. And this is a very Disney thing. They they basically want to take an idea that somebody else has proven, you know, somewhere else, and we saw this in the theme park blog blogging thing, too. And then they want to bring it inhouse so they can control it. >> Yeah. And it's all about control because they're not going to let you just make content willy-nilly. Like the reason that Tik Tok and YouTube do so well is because people are there for the creator content. Now YouTube um this is why Disney's doing it because YouTube has surpassed them. They are the they're the world's largest media company and Disney's pissed about it. Um yeah, this is a whole another thing too. We we've been talking about the situation with YouTube and YouTube wants to become a Disney Plus killer. They want to be a streaming service. They don't want to be they don't want creator own content. I don't think any of these platforms, I'm going to be honest, I don't think any of them want creator own content anymore. >> Well, this Mohan does it. And the kicker is he's like all like letting Hollywood kiss his ass. I think Hollywood's trying to come over to YouTube and he's going to let them because none of them understand at the heart of it. Why is Tik Tok and YouTube so popular? It's not their streaming services. It's because people want the creator content. They want those things. They're there for the creators, not for Hollywood, not for them. and they can't wrap their heads around it because Hollywood's throwing money at them, kissing their ass, and they're all gonna implode themselves, YouTube included, because they're going to chase Hollywood. If people wanted to watch Hollywood, they'd be watching those streaming services. YouTube would not be the number one media company in the world. >> Yeah. >> Um if it was because that because they they don't want that stuff. They're only the only reason YouTube has the edge is because they have the creator content, which they are actively, I think, in my opinion, destroying, but that's a whole other story. So, um, Disney's salty because of Tik Tok and YouTube, you know, beating them out. And YouTube definitely is beating them out. And they're like, "Hey there, fellow kids. How will you be part of what you're doing?" And their takeaway is incorrect. Their takeaway isn't that it's the people on the platform. It's the platform. Okay? So, here's their press release, and it's the most corporate Disney [ __ ] ever. I'm going to tell you right now, look at this as I'm listen to it. Look at it as I'm reading it to you from the stance of this is directed at the investors. Yes. >> And it makes more sense when it's because these investors don't know [ __ ] about anything. They just know money. They don't know how this stuff works. They're like they're like falling for all this. Get rid of the creators and and we'll still be huge at YouTube [ __ ] You know, they don't know what they're talking about. So, this is a geared to the investors clearly because anybody who knows what the what they're talking about would know this is a bad idea. Beginning this week, Disney Plus subscribers in the US can find a new place on their mobile app to discover stories with Verts, marking the first phase of bringing vertical video content to the platform. The new dynamic feed on Disney Plus helps users quickly find their next favorite watch. And it's just the start of what will be going in an ongoing evolution of Verts, which one Verts is a stupid name. All I keep thinking of is green in French, which is why, you know, they probably making it green looking. Well, they made it blue, but in French like you know ve that's what it reminds me of. Um >> sounds like a disease like oh you've got raging case of the verts >> like like green beans is and it's like it's like ver you know. Anyway, what is verts on Disney Plus? First announced in Disney's 2026 global tech and data showcase. Again, this is all for the investors. >> Yes, >> vertical video on Disney Plus opens up an entirely new way for fans to connect with the stories they love. With a tap of the new Verts icon in the navigation bar mobile, users can enter a vertical video feed and swipe through a stream of scenes and moments from movies and shows on Disney Plus. The seamless ad to their watch or jump directed directly into playback. >> Okay. So, I'm I'm gonna I'm gonna interrupt you here for a second and let let me tell you about Disney's marketing departments. Um, they're not they're not good. They're full of unqualified. >> He was from a marketing. He was from a marketing company. He worked in marketing for years, >> so he would know. He had more experience than they did. >> Yeah. Well, okay, case in point. Um, when we first started doing the, uh, the Disney media events, there was a girl that used to go with all the the tours, you know, with the bloggers. We were all part of the theme park blog thing, whatever. And, uh, she was an intern and she was very wet behind the ears, but she was she was, you know, excited about being there, whatever. Well, uh, like a year after, uh, this one event where she was at, she got promoted to like the marketing manager of one of their divisions in the theme parks and her like her whole attitude changed, but I'm like, I know you. I've talked to you and you're a nice person, but you you don't have what it takes to be a marketing manager. There's like no and all of a sudden she had this attitude of like, I'm the marketing manager and you're going to listen to me, [ __ ] And she was like 23. And I was like, oh my god. She and they were their ideas were stupid and they were not smart. But what they do is >> forward didn't work. >> Yeah. They take they take ideas that other people have proven and they did this in the parks with the uh the Instagram thing. All of a sudden like they had a little bit of success on Instagram with the walls. So the walls um for those of you who don't know in theme parks there are different places in the parks that you know Instagram influencers were taking pictures. That was organic. They basically found really cool places to take pictures in the parks and then Disney started designing. They're like, "This is a great idea." So, they started designing walls. So, it's all faked. They started designing walls for these Instagram influencers to go to. Then, they would have Instagram influencer events and invite them to walls. But then, it didn't stop there. Then, they would design drinks and clothes and merchandise to go with the [ __ ] wall. >> You know what? And it blew up. >> It blew up. Nobody talks about it now. >> Yeah, it blew up because it was Instagram people doing it themselves and people are going to go find these and it was like a fun little Easter egg hunt. People loved it. when they started making it, they tried to force it and they tried to, you know, instead of just letting people just go with it and then getting taking the free advertising, they tried to force it and lean into it to make money and when they did, they blew it up in a bad way. So they they they just they need to keep their fingers off of this [ __ ] to stop touching people. Anyway, here goes back. With the latest streaming hits and an incredible catalog, this is the most Disney [ __ ] ever. Spanning more than a hundred years of storytelling, we're making it easier for fans to discover what to watch next. First offers a fun, fast way to explore that catalog right from the moment users open the app. It brings the magic of Disney's storytelling. That's twice in a paragraph into a format that feels modern, engaging, and tailor made for how fans already enjoy discovering video and mobile devices. Translation. People are already using this stuff. It's really popular. We want to cash in on it. And then because we have a hundred years of storytelling, do we mention our storytelling? We're story. We're going to force you to use it. Um, but it's only going to be our stuff. It's that's what they're It gets better. It's only their stuff. What kind of user engagement are you seeing? Well, in both early experiments on Disney Plus as well as since launch on ESPN in August, Ver has driven additional engagement. >> Engagement. No one talks like that when you're talking to people. This is for investors. Much of this can be attributed to our new advanced algorithm. Again, investors that powers the recommendation engine for the experience to ensure that Verds feels uniquely relevant and personal to each individual user. Basically, we use an algorithm. We we we watch what you do, watch what you like, and make sure we recommend what you like anybody else. What's next for Verge on Disney Plus? This launching is just the beginning. The first scene of the first episode in a multi-season series. For [ __ ] sake, slap yourself who wrote this. What fans see today on Ver was built with user utility and scale in mind. Already though the team is exploring and experimenting with ways to expand far beyond content discovery. Now they keep putting it as it's content creation. It's content discovery >> for now. Now they're talking they're going to do the I think I pulled an article up there. They're talking about the uh AI shorts or whatever. But I I can guarantee you that stuff will be so >> down. No, that stuff's part of this. What they're going to do is Okay. Yeah. So, what they're going to do is for start basically to start they're going to be like offering they said about across news and entertainment and catalog and stuff like that. They're going to offer clips and shorts because they want to use it so you can you can go find the shows and watch more shows to them easily or get what news and things they want to push. They were to push what they they feel it needs pushed that day to get the the viewership up to try to get engagement up to beat YouTube. That's what it's about. the AI [ __ ] and that and the user content that's later and that's going to be under the guise of, you know, we're gonna let creators create stuff, but you're not going to be able to create [ __ ] You're gonna be able to create within the parameters of what they allow because they don't want to. They're brand damaged. >> They'll be like, "Oh, no. Elsa and and Anna can't scissor each other." No, that's not that's not part of It'll be like they have to act in a Disney way in an approved Disney fashion. and then we'll have somebody review it or we'll have AI review it and see if we can actually make this thing public. >> That's that's what's going to happen. So they go on about this. They're still talk about this. They said over time verts will play a key role in fans everyday experience of Disney Plus. Meaning that you're not going to be able to escape it at launch. This includes driving discoverability across Disney's entertainment catalog with opportunities in the future to add content from creators that reflects our fandoms plus other storytelling formats, content types, personalized experience. Basically, you can put your videos up from your theme parks and stuff if we find it okay. As long as it promotes us, you have to reflect our fandoms in your in your your content. So, you're going to be allowed to maybe make content down the road. Maybe >> they're spinning it as it's creator generated. It's not it's a vertical format where they just they they promote what they want to promote under the guise of you have control. You're just going to be stuck with it no matter what. >> But here's the thing. They've tried this. They keep trying to take over these things. They keep trying so desperately. Like you mentioned Maker Studios. Yes. Maker Studios was a huge [ __ ] fiasco because they got Maker Studios >> and immediately they came in and they wanted it because it had some big YouTubers on it. Like PewDiePie was on there and they came in and then immediately they were going to tell creators what was what. Well, if you've been around creators, you're going to know that they're not going to take that kindly. And a lot of them are like, I'm big. I'm here. I built my this up. You don't get to come in because you bought it and tell me what to do. And there's been some, you know, speculation, pure speculation, that PewDiePie may have done some of the things he did on purpose to get them to dump him, which worked. Um, >> yeah, because you couldn't um the way the contracts were is like there would have to be some kind of breach. And the the quickest way to to to breach the contract is to uh violate your morality clause or whatever and just be like, "Yeah, I'm going to make some really dicey content." Yeah. >> Yeah. Because they wanted to control the content. So what happened was a lot of people left or got just you weren't big enough for us and got kicked off booted off. I think we were one of the ones because our channel was tiny and we got booted off and and then um from there they were they were trying to make create their own YouTubers on this this thing and and they were trying very hard to make their own branded stuff that was just Disney advertisements >> and it didn't work. People didn't like it. It didn't resonate with anyone because they're there for the creators not for your commercial. So they [ __ ] left and it folded in on itself within two years. >> Yeah, it was a bizarre thing. So I think what Disney was trying to do is they were trying to buy YouTube and they thought, well, we can't afford to buy YouTube >> cheat to the top. >> So we're we're going to buy the uh group, the MCN that has all the top YouTubers and by proxy, we're going to be able to control these people. And that didn't work. you know, ask Nintendo how that went for them when they were like, "You can't stream any of our games unless you get, you know, join our MCN, give us, you know, 50% and yeah, you got to do it, you know, according to our criteria." It didn't work. Again, content creators don't like being told what to do, which is why, and we'll be doing more videos on on YouTube just in general. Um, things are changing. They want to be a streaming service. And we're going to see, I think, that that stupid mindset applied to everything on the platform. >> Yeah. What's going to happen is everything that made YouTube big, they're going to destroy. And Disney in its idiocy thinks that they're going to go be the next Tik Tok and YouTube, but they don't, none of them understand the reason their their platforms are big. It's not because the vertical format. It's not because they're shorts, because they have long form and short form. It's not because of that. It's because people like the creators that are on the platform. There's creators that they they follow, people that they love and enjoy, and they're there to watch them. They could sit there and eat a bowl of popcorn and they'll watch it because it's the creators they love. >> They cannot wrap their I don't understand why it's so hard to understand. But these CEOs are so [ __ ] stupid. They can't wrap their head around it and they're just basically like we're going to come in and take the platform and control it and we're going to make it what we want it to be an advertisement or for YouTube that we're going to let Hollywood come in and pay us money and all the we're going to be a streaming service. It's not going to work because the reason you have so much watch time compared to Hollywood streaming services is because people are watching the c content creators. >> That's what makes you different. So destroying that is just going to put you the bottom of the barrel. That's idiotic and stupid. But these people don't think. And Disney's like we're going to we're going to be the next big thing. We're going to be YouTube and Tik Tok 2.0. But you only can watch the shorts and news clips that we we are vetted. And they even said they would be curated that you could watch them to drive you to paying for more content from them or engaging in more content so they can try to overtake YouTube and it's not going to work. And I guarantee you when they allow creators to do [ __ ] they're going to be like you only can do this this. It's going to be so regimented no one's going to do it. >> So what's going to Yeah. What's going to happen with this too is there's um in the Star Wars space there actually is a thriving AI movie community on YouTube. Star Wars is getting more action as as AI movies now because people are watching these because they're like, "Damn, these are better than Disney." >> Well, these are Star Wars. Yeah, >> it's Yeah, they're Yeah, they're actually feel like Star Wars. And some of them are really damn good. I've watched them. I'm like, man, this looks almost You could have fooled me. This looks professionally produced. I guess some of the people behind them are actually uh, you know, people that worked in the industry and they just had some downtime, so they're making these Star Wars shorts. Disney's already making deals to lock this stuff down behind their Disney Plus payw wall. And they will not, I guarantee you, they will not let them have the freedom that they have now. And then that content will probably be taken off of YouTube. So then Star Wars will basically die on YouTube. I'm waiting for these two to get in a pissing match, Disney Plus and YouTube, and then be like, "Okay, no Disney content at all is allowed on YouTube." >> Well, no, he wants he'll take their money. >> No, I'm saying Disney. Disney will be like, "You, if you want Disney, you got to come to Disney Plus." They did that with they did that with uh with with Twitter at that time. It was funny because do you remember like you know they were mad at PewDiePie because you know we don't we don't stand anti-semitism and then when Elon Musk got called out and said that that's what happened but he did even though he said it wasn't. They were like we're not going to advertise on here anymore. We're not going to we're going to pull our channels and they pulled their main one but they still kept updating on their other ones. But they went away for like a year until they realized oh [ __ ] we need them. We need X. And then they went back crawling back and just turned it back on like nothing happened. No fanfare. just turn it back on because at the end of the day they need them. And I guarantee you they're probably like you're going to be able to create stuff. You're going to have you can people are dumb. They'll just be like, "Well, I'll just give you my family videos for you to share so everybody thinks I'm I'm famous and I'm popular." You won't get paid [ __ ] You're going to pay them and then for them to to put your stuff on there and they get free promotion. >> You'll get five 5% monthly discount on Disney Plus and they're going to raise it 15%. >> They won't even get that. It's just it's ridiculous. But they're they're spinning it and they've been spinning it as creator. Um and and now they're like, "Oh, well they're not saying that in the headline. They're saying it's vertical, but they're trying they know that that's associated with creator content." And they've made hints at creator content, but they're they're flat out saying, "Oh, no. It's going to be what we want to push. You can see these shorts and they're going to be algorithm directed at you and we're just using it to to push you. we want you to get engagement and get our viewer views up because if people see the shorts you know if you didn't ask for it oh that's watch time and they're going to use that to try to beat out YouTube and then they're like well maybe someday we'll use creator but if they do it's going to be under ridiculous rules >> and some dumb asses will follow it because they just want that that Disney cupcake and they're dumb and they'll be like you know I'm a Disney influencer it's like but they're not paying you [ __ ] >> there there aren't enough of those people now that the whole Disney influencer space I can tell you has collapsed aped and a lot of it has to do with Disney well one that the pricing is ridiculous so normal people aren't even doing research into Disney vacations because they know they can't afford it. Um but also uh Disney took over that space. It used to be that there were people that love Disney that talked about the parks, had websites about the parks and forums and um you know ride weight times and all these things that were done by the fans because they were fans. And every time somebody would do something, Disney would swoop in and and take it and try to make it part of their their app or their system or whatever. And um it's so locked down now, you can't say anything negative at all. You can't be honest. >> That's what I'm saying. The things that make a Disney videos popular on TikTok, a lot of them are like, oh, like, okay, we saw with Tally the Elf, okay, Tally the Elf videos were all over Tik Tok. Everybody was excited about Tally Elf. But like the evil queen, um, if Disney thinks you're getting too much attention in social media, they will either remove you or replace you or get rid of the character altogether. And that's probably what, you know, and I think when they brought back next year, either he wasn't part of it, it was a different actor. I can't remember which. It might have been Italy wasn't even there. I don't remember. But they definitely took the other guy out of the equation because he was getting far too much recognition on social media. So, they're going to lock it down. They if there's a negative video, they they're not going to let you see the videos that they don't want to be seen. It's only going to be the positive Disney stuff. You know, why pay for actors going walking down the street and hugging Mickey Mouse when when this family will give you their video for free? >> Yeah. Yeah. >> You know, and they're going to they're going to use this. But this whole press release was clearly written for investors in mind. Investors that don't know their butt from a hole in the ground or you know that just because you put it in vertical format doesn't mean [ __ ] And if you take away the creators stuff out of, you know, things, you know, and you control it too much, you'll kill it. And that YouTube same thing. They don't know. They don't know what they're doing and they're going to ruin everything because this guy is a dumbass. >> Yeah, Neil Mohan is going to destroy YouTube. >> At least the YouTube we've we we've known because >> it's going to destroy YouTube in general because you take the creator content away and there's no point for even having YouTube. It's just a streaming service you go anywhere else for. >> Yeah. And that's we're we're going to homogenize all this stuff and it's all just going to be like, you know, we're going to have like three or four streaming services and at that point we're right back to cable. We're right back to cable TV, >> which is what Hollywood wants. So, >> and that's what Hollywood wants, so they can control it. So, >> as long as they're throwing money at it. Anyway, there you go. Verts is coming to Disney Plus. It's still a stupid name. >> Raging case of the Verts. >> And it's going to be a bunch of shorts that they're going to use to market you on, you know, up charges or paying for movies or looking at watching this or watching that and trying to, you know, increase engagement and time watched because you probably can't even choose to watch it or not. Oh, yeah. >> And all that stuff. And they're claiming creator content's coming, but it's not going to be in a way that's anything but super controlled [ __ ] So anyway, there you go. >> All right, we're going to wrap it up. >> Yes. >> Please subscribe for more pop culture news, views, and rants. And we'll talk to you guys later. Bye.