Well, for the second time in four or five days, we have another attempt on Donald Trump's life. This time, a man storming Mara Lago in the middle of the night, armed and uh also with a can of gasoline, apparently. Uh this is a wild, wild story breaking on this Sunday morning and uh I want to make sure I cover it for you guys. Uh if you haven't yet, please do leave a like on the video and hopefully you'll subscribe or follow for the uh additional coverage, breaking news so you get actually notified here. Uh so we have Mara Lago horror. Armed man is taken out by Secret Service after entering Mara Lago in the middle of the night. an armed man was removed from this planet uh by the secret service in the early hours of the morning after unlawfully entering the secure perimeter at Donald Trump's Mara Lago in Florida. Now, if we think about, you know, all of the all of the attempts on Donald Trump's life that we know of, okay, that Ralph guy in Florida, Wes Ryan Wesley Ralph, I believe, who's just found guilty facing life in prison. Um, we had Thomas Matthew Krooks, which missed by a millimeter. Uh, we had the Iranians in air quotes, we don't really know about that one because there was never really an official attempt. Also, many people speculated, myself included, that the US government really, really wants a reason to go with war with Iran. So, it felt awfully convenient at that time. Um there was a guy at the capital which we're going to take a look at in a second from Georgia just 3 days ago. Now I don't really count that the same. Um you know I don't know if these people are uh just trying to take like the easy way out by cop kind of kind of you know that's like the new way to do it. But certainly, you know, the the not even just the far-left, but the mainstream left CNN MSNBC you know, the Daily Beast, outlets like this, and their continued rhetoric ratcheting up the fear with insane people is, in my opinion, why we're seeing so much of this. Now, two President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump were in DC at the time um attending the governor's dinner. Two Secret Service agents and one deputy from Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office ordered him to drop his weapons. They confronted the white male that was carrying a gas can and a shotgun. And what interesting is we're going to look at this other guy. He also had a shotgun. It's almost like I don't know. It's weird. It's I guess it's, you know, probably the most readily available weapon. It's probably not as weird as I as I say it is, but um he was carrying a gas can and his shotgun. He was ordered to stop, drop those two pieces of equipment he had with him. Sheriff Rick Bradshaw said at a press conference Sunday morning, the suspect, who investigators say is from North Carolina and was reported missing by his family a few days ago, put the gas can down but then raised the weapon. uh into his into position, prompting police to erase him. At that point in time, the deputy had two Secret Service agents fired their weapons and neutralized the threat. He's deceased at the scene. No Secret Service agents or Palm Beach County Sheriff's deputies were injured. Now, again, is this is this like the new, you know, selfdeion by cop? Is that is that what the is that, you know, the new hotness? Is that what these lunatics are doing? By the way, shout out USA men's hockey, defeating Canada. Um, winning gold based suck at Canada. I still appreciate my Canadian viewers, but um this uh here's a press conference I bookmarked. By the way, just you know, so my fans uh this is a video of a woman making fun of Instagram influencers. You know, don't get too excited, my haters. Um, but here's the press conference from this morning. >> At 1:30 this morning, the security detail detected that a individual had made his way into the inner perimeter of Mara Lago. >> I I also find it weird like how do these people keep getting so far? Why isn't there like a bigger perimeter setup? Anyway, >> a deputy and >> maybe because Trump wasn't there at the time. Two Secret Service agents on the detail went to that area to investigate. They confronted a white male that was carried a gas can and a shotgun. He was ordered to drop those two uh pieces of equipment that he had with him at which time he put down the gas can, raised the shotgun. >> My guess is maybe his plan was to, you know, burn down Mara Lago. is I'm guessing >> to a shooting position. At that point in time, the deputy and the two Secret Service agents fired their weapons and neutralize the threat. He is deceased at the scene. I'll give you a a picture of the shotgun and the gas can to have with you. So, that's what we know now. Investigation continues. The FBI is the lead investigation agency on this. Now, this one is uh you know, he he was reported missing. So, I wonder if this guy had mental health issues or if he had left a note or, you know, something like that. You know what I mean? Like, um I don't know. But, you know, this is the fourth attempt that we know of. And if you actually bake in that lunatic that went to JD Vance's house too, you know, I would say that's yet another. At this time, law enforcement personnel were not injured. We want to be clear, the president of the United States was not here in the state of Florida. I'm sure the person didn't know that. Um, Bradshaw shared one image of the gas can and the weapon at the scene. The de deceased man's identity has not been released pending notification of nex of kin. He said he'd be in his early 20s from North Carolina and was reported missing a few days ago. You know, if you were entrepreneurial enough or if you wanted to, not entrepreneurial, but so inclined, I'm sure you could probably look up missing person's reports North Carolina mid20s male. There's probably not too many of those uh to be found, especially if it's been reported in the past couple of days. Investigators say they believe he left North Carolina, headed south, picking up a weapon along the way. secret. So he know they know that much. Secret Service spokesperson an Anthony uh Googlier told the Associated Press the box for the weapon was recovered in his vehicle. The man drove through the north gate of Mara Lago as another vehicle was exiting and was confronted by Secret Service agents. The FBI is leading the investigation in the case and is asking neighbors to check their security cameras for any footage of suspicious activity. If you live in the area of the incident, please check your exterior cameras. For last night, early this morning, Brett Skyles said the special. Why should we have to check it? From what I understand about those things, the FBI can just take whatever the hell they want, uh, whenever they want it, as we've seen in the Nancy Guthrie case. Um, here's what the United Secret Service says. Uh, an individual whose identity is being withheld pending notification Mexican was pronounced deceased. The individual was observed by the North Gate of Marlago. Now, it's going to be interesting to see once we get an identity, which hopefully will be by tomorrow, if this person was, you know, politically inclined, was he taking part in, you know, was he Antifa? Was he just like a Ryan Wesley Roth guy where he's crazy? Um, you know, and you don't really even know like that Wesley Ralph guy, Orion Wesley Roth, he was just like weird. like he was obsessed with Ukraine. I mean, he was a Democrat, but I don't really know, you know, it wasn't like, hey, this is a guy who was a political radical. Even Thomas Matthew Krooks like they say, well, he just wanted to, you know, take out any president, you know, we never really got a clear motive for that either. So, I'm not holding my breath on getting a good motive on this case. Uh they said it comes just months after two National Guard s soldiers were also um taken out just a year's just yards from Trump's DC residence. Afghan National Ram was identified as a as the lunatic in custody over the horror incident uh at West Metro Station in the center of Washington DC back in November. Earlier this month, a man a maniac who tried to take out Trump at his Florida golf course at the height of the 2024 election campaign was sentenced to life behind bars. That's Ryan Russy Roth Roth they're talking about. Ryan Roth was sentenced to February 4th, life in prison plus a consecutive 84 months uh for one of his other convictions. I mean prosecutors sought life without parole, noting how Roth was unrepentant and never apologized for the attempt on the president's life. a defense attorney brought in for a sentencing as for 27 years arguing that Roth is already turning 60. Well, I mean 87 is not totally unlikely. He's not it's not totally impossible that he could live that long and and see the light of day, which obviously he shouldn't. I mean, but this is just right after February 18th. Okay, so it's the 22nd, but it's 10:00 in the morning here. Investigators seek motive after Georgia man ran towards Capitol with a loaded weapon. an 18-year-old Georgia man was it's like it's like MK Ultra, right? Another young man in this case just like running towards the west front gate of the US capital armed prompting a swift response from Capitol police. US police chief Michael Sullivan said the incident unfolded just before noon in broad day daylight when Carter Kamacho Whoa. President Oh, that's Mountain Dew Kamacho. Kam Macho Kamacho, I can't remember that guy's full name of Georgia parked a Mercedes SUV at the Capitol, exited the van, ran several hundred yards for the building carrying a weapon and additional rounds of ammunition. Officers intercepted Kamancho, ordering to drop it and get on the ground, took him into custody without incident. Authorities said he was wearing a tactical vest and tactical gloves, a Kevlar helmet, and gas mask were also recovered from the SUV with multiple rounds of ammunition. This doesn't look like a white guy. It looks like an Arab. Um the interesting thing here is how quickly he gave up. Like they're just like, "Hey, you know, he was armed. He had body armor. He just like gave up. He had extra rounds. Looks like a brand new weapon to me." But that's the second guy now. Brand new, you know, looks like a brand new weapon racing towards the capital. The whole thing is absolutely crazy. Uh, and I'm glad Trump wasn't there last night. Uh, and I'm glad that, you know, Secret Service did their job last night. But that's the second incident in 4 days. So, this is pretty spooky stuff. I hope you're informed by this video. If you were, please do leave a like on it. Make sure you subscribe or follow. And we'll talk to you again real soon.