What's up geeks and gamers? It's Jeremy coming to you with another video and today we are talking about more people crying about critical drinker and Gary from Nerdic. Of course, the Mary Sue is very upset that Drinker and Gary are more popular and relevant than they will ever be. So, here we are with more crying, more complaining, more nonsense. This is geeks.com. Jessica, great job putting this together. The Mary Sue melts down over the critical drinker and nerdic saying they're not real Star Trek fans. Oh, really? That's what you're going for? Okay, let's play that game, I guess. Good lord. Um, so the mainstream media is in battle mode regarding Paramount Plus's new show, Star Trek Starfleet Academy, doing their best to bloat reviews with overwhelming positivity, exclaiming how brilliant it is. You know the drill. As reported by our good friend Hill versus Baby Face, the online publication, The Mary Sue, is more than perturbed over two of our friends, Drinker and Gary, posting a review and a live stream featuring the famous Spock action figure that got more likes and more views and likes than the first episode of Starfleet Academy. Drinker and Nerd Rotic have been calling out just how terrible the show is, particularly as Star Trek fans. But to these people, Drinker and Gary are not real fans. They just seek to insult all that they disagree with. Moreover, the Mary Sue claims that the show uh that the shows like Star Trek were not meant for them. You can watch as his video below. Hail to the Silverback. Um, that's funny because as as demonstrates, even Alex Kurtman Curtsman, the man who began the downfall of Star Trek, but Discovery, admitted that his productions were never about Star Trek. They were about using the platform Star Trek presented him to push the message. There has never been a line that is more accurate to representing what this is all about than that right there. It doesn't matter what property you're talking about. We've seen this. I've talked about this more times than I can count. They cannot build a platform from the ground up on social justice propaganda. You can't do it. And we all know that and they know that. So this is why they are constantly hijacking platform platform after platform and injecting this nonsense into it. And it it gives them this kind of self-fulfilling prophecy because they build this narrative that fans are racist, fans are sexist, fans are toxic, whatever. They hijack something that has a built-in fan base. They change that something. They completely make it unrecognizable to the fan base. Said fan base complains about it. They blame the fans for how bad the show is. It's the same thing every single time. Um, the accusation that Critical Drinker and Nerd Rotic are not real Star Trek fans is total blasphemy, but um, not as much as the arrogant belief that they know more than the original show's creator, Gene Rodenberry. But back to the point, on Film Threads Funeral for a franchise, where YouTubers come together to mourn and eulogize a beloved IP, Drinker described how his father introduced him to Star Trek and how much it meant to him then and now. Damn. Pretty sure that's called receipts. So, you guys can make your accusations that Drinker and Gary are not Star Trek fans, but literally anyone that's ever watched them would know that's just not true. And all you do is lose more and more credibility. Not that the Mary Sue has much these days, but that's what happens. It's the same process. For years, Gary and Drinker have gained more fans. And for years, places like the Mary Sue have lost relevancy. This is more of the same. It will continue to move in that direction with stuff like this. People that are in the middle are going to go, "Well, well, who are these guys? Critical Drinker and Nerd Rotic, let me check these guys out." They'll watch and then they'll go, "Man, I actually like these guys." Not everybody, obviously, but some. And that's just how it's going to continue to go. Um, it is truly sad uh to watch the downfall and total desecration of a of a such a beloved show that meant so much to people growing up, particularly in this case. Then uh have people who probably couldn't care less about good morals and lessons that these great franchises taught young and old lecture fans on what they really meant is just rubbing salt in the wound. But the purpose of the show is gone. Instead, we have drinker and the message being shoved unwillingly in our faces. And what the hell is even this right here? What is this image? My goodness. If if you could just take an image of where Star Trek is and show it without words or anything, that's the image right there. Holy [ __ ] Like unbelievable. I have not watched Star Trek Starfleet Academy. Don't plan on it. Um, and I'm not a Star Trek fan to the level of Gary or Drinker or even close. It's not even remotely close. I watched The Next Generation growing up and I really enjoyed it. It's fantastic, but I haven't watched a ton of the movies and the shows and everything like that. Um, but yeah, I mean this is an embarrassment beyond belief. Great job to Jessica for putting this together. And I mean ultimately this is the same song and dance. I can't believe that we're all these years later we're still talking about the same exact behavior from these clowns that put them in the position that they are in to begin with and they just keep doing it. They seem to think this is going to work out for them and it's not. Labeling people racist and sexist. Labeling people fake fans when there is video evidence to prove otherwise. There is years and years and years of video evidence to completely destroy the lies that you are spreading. Yet, you continue to do it. You continue to get the same results. They continue to get more popular and they continue to get proven right. It's amazing. Whatever though, you guys let me know your thoughts in the comments below. Are you watching Starfleet Academy? Are you watching this to roast it? because that's really the only reason it seems to roast it. If not, there are some good shows out there and I will continue to talk about Land Man, go watch it. Season two just finished. Um, if you have not started that show, just go back and watch it from the beginning. You only got two seasons. It's from Taylor Sheridan, the guy that was behind Yellowstone, 1883, 1923, mayor of Kingtown, um, Tulsa King. Uh, he's been involved in a lot of stuff. So, that's a really good one. And, um, yeah, but you guys let me know your thoughts in the comments below. Have a great day and we will talk to you