So, it's going to be a lot better for storytelling. It's going to be a lot more captivating, entertaining to watch, and visually pleasing. Okay, look. So, we got some beautifully made AI images by my new boy that I hired on my team named Evan. And what we're going to be doing going forwards is essentially going through all of the old fanfictions that I've done over the last 10 years almost and looking at some of the most popular ones as well as creating new ones. But we're going to look at the most popular ones. We're going to remake them. Uh so it's going to be the same old voice, sound effects, music, same old feel, and I may even go in and redub, you know, with the new microphone if it sounds crappy. the images will no longer be the old um just overlaid, you know, Star Wars screenshots. It's now going to be appropriate scenespecific AI and Photoshop generated images that match the fanfiction of what I'm talking about. So, it's going to be a lot better for storytelling. It's going to be a lot more captivating, entertaining to watch, and visually pleasing. So, I feel like this is the best sort of amalgamation and synergy of new technology with the old school Star Wars theory feel where it's like a new experience, but it still hearkens to that old emotional pull that I had. Now, I'm going to upload it. The first one on the channel that we're working on right now, which we're almost done on, is um Oh, you've added sound effects as well, Evan. Oh, he's in the chat. Um the first one we're doing is what if Luke turned to the dark side when um in Empire Strikes Back right after, you know, Vader cut off Sand. And if it does well, you know, on the channel, I'm going to upload it publicly. If it does well, great. But if it's going to tank and get shitty numbers and views like a lot of lore videos today, because these do cost a lot of money, because these do take a lot of time to make. It's not just, you know, old school recording my voice and writing a script and recording and then just slapping together some screenshots from Star Wars or whatever. Um, because these do take more resources, I am going to be then putting these just for join members if the views suck. So, I know the join members will appreciate them. And so, it'll just be like a specific sort of gift to you guys for being a join member for donating and getting all the perks that join members get, plus helping with the fan film. And then you get these as well. So, we'll be doing, you know, probably one every week. So, you'll be getting about three to four a month. Uh, and I think they look pretty good. like we've already worked on some of the fanfictions for it and it's really quite amazing. So, I'm excited to see what the fan reaction is. Like I said, the first one is going to be public like all my videos, but then if it tanks, I'm going to be just doing it for join members only on the channel. And that's for really any tier, 99 cent and up. So, for 99 cents a month, you know, that's less than the price of one coffee in one day for the whole month. And you'll be helping out to make pretty cool stuff. So then we're going to go ahead and we're going to do a whole bunch of other stuff beyond that. But this is sort of like the first thing that we're going to do with AI and then beyond that, you know, making little AI fan films and stuff like that projects which we're going to put out to the masses just like everybody else is doing. Um we're going to see how that does as well. But this is kind of the first step into that world and I think it's the perfect blend of old and new. So what do you guys think about it? Is it going to be a slideshow of AI images or full videos? Well, these ones will be more so of a slideshow of AI images simply because it's faster to put out instead of doing a whole fanfiction into a video, which we could do, but it also gives a more of an old school feel, which I like. So, um, we'll see how it does. We'll see how it performs. We'll see how people like it, the fan reaction, community reaction, and then we'll go from there. Seems you've been finally surrounding yourself with the right people. You sound excited. Yes. Yes. 2024 and 2025 was all ground work. 2026 is liftoff. This is the brand new site. This is what we've been working on for over a year and uh it's the nicest staber site in the world easily. It is super fast, super powerful site. For example, you go now to sound packages and you can demo anyone that you want. Let's say let's say there's a pack that you don't know about and you just you like you want to know like oh what what is this? We now give you like a little quick demo. If you want to look at the whole thing, you click the video. Welcome to the games package. Here you'll >> and we go through each one. >> Welcome to the games. Oh, you know, more extensively, but uh the new one that's dropping is the Oh, it's already up here. hell. My guys are moving fast as It's a little loud, isn't it? But this is our first package made by Mthomics, but anyways. Yeah, very crisp. Very, very crisp. And um we do also offer payment plans. So if you know if you do want to use szle, we have that. So you can buy now pay later. You can do it's like payment systems of you got to see what it is for you. But the prices you're looking at here are in in Canadian. So they're actually much cheaper in USD. Well, the number is lower, but anyways, that's that. Yeah, new website is goated, bro. It's beautiful. Absolutely beautiful. So go and have a look. Have some fun. Now fulfill your destiny.