So, when it comes to contentious and politically divisive movies, one battle after another might just have taken the top spot for the entire year. Depending on who you talk to, it's either the greatest cinematic triumph of the past two decades on par with Sakario, Gangs of New York, and No Country for Old Men, or a pretentious, morally bankrupt Hollywood circle jerk that glorifies domestic terrorism and is more interested in taking shots at the current administration than crafting a compelling story. And in the middle of this cultural maelstrom is little old me, who's left with the job of setting aside what this movie represents and focusing instead on what it actually is. And I'm sorry to say that what it is is a frustrating mixture of superb acting and directing talent, desperately trying to elevate a script that doesn't really deserve either. A movie that's too long, too sluggish, too self-important, and too wrapped up in its own messaging to keep me invested. the kind of film where I struggled to care about any of the characters because they're such a bunch of useless, irritating fuckups that I began to wonder who the good guys were even supposed to be. Anyway, unlike this movie, which drags on for nearly three excruciating hours, I'm going to try and get this review over with quickly. So, on to the plot summary. The movie begins with Pat and Perfidia, and yes, that's apparently her real name, right? who are members of a far-left revolutionary terrorist group that are definitely not Antifa and also lovers. [Music] I mean, [ __ ] me. I guess she must have a stunning personality or something, but whatever. Anyway, not Antifa are busy making the world a better place by blowing up government property that will have to be repaired using taxpayer dollars and terrorizing innocent civilians whose only crime was being in the wrong place at the wrong time. hands. Are we the baddies? >> What lovely people. Things are going just swell until Perfidia runs a file of Shaun Penn, a military officer with a bit of a kink for strong black women who captures her in the middle of a mission, forcing her to shag her way out of the problem. >> Oh no. What? What happened? Unfortunately, this creates a whole new problem when she falls pregnant and she's not entirely sure who the father is. I mean, based on how she acts in this film, it could probably be half of Southern California. >> I feel like I'm going to throw up. >> Anyway, skip forward a year and Perfidia decides to run out on Pat and her baby to go back to playing Shea Guavara, mostly because she's a selfish [ __ ] Then gets captured and immediately flips on the rest of not Antifa to save her own ars. A what a lovely person. With Shaun Penn now hunting down and executing his revolutionary comrades, Pat's forced to go into hiding with his daughter and take on the new name of Bob. Skip forward 16 years and Bob's now a paranoid drugaddicted loser living with his girl boss and waiting daughter Willa. Not Willow, mind you, Willa. [Music] Sure, whatever. [ __ ] it. Meanwhile, Shawn Penn is a rising star in the US military. And when he's approached to join a secret society of, well, how can I put this? Guys who believe that white people are superior, that creates a bit of a problem for him because if they find out that he fathered a child with mother of the year 17 years earlier, it's not going to end well for him. So basically the movie becomes a kind of cat and mouse game where Bob and Willa are forced to go on the run while Shawn Penn hunts them down with all the force of the US government at his disposal. But will father and daughter make it out the other side? Will Shaun Penn finally get his comeuppance? And more importantly, will he ever get a decent [ __ ] haircut? Now don't get me wrong, there are definitely things to praise about this movie, but unfortunately most of it rests on the superficial aspects of the film. From a directing and cinematography point of view, it's definitely a well-put together film. Paul Thomas Anderson isn't exactly a prolific director, but what he does make is generally really good. From quirky, offbeat classics like Boogie Knights and Magnolia to epic dramas like There Will Be Blood and One Battle after another is no exception. The action sequences are well choreographed. There's plenty of strong visuals and a definite creative flare during the tense dramatic moments. performances are strong across the board, which is pretty much what you'd expect when you've got Benio Del Toro, Leonardo DiCaprio, and Shaun Penn in your movie. DiCaprio delivers his usual intense, laser focused performance, like he's still chasing that Oscar win with every single movie he does. He's got excellent chemistry with his daughter Willa, and although their scenes are kind of few and far between, they're probably the most enjoyable aspect of the movie for me. Shawn Penn is the standout, though, as Colonel Lock Jaw. >> Oh, come on. Where the [ __ ] do they get these names from? Can't wait to hear more from his superiors, General Scurvy and Admiral Dipther Theoria. The dude looks like he's on the verge of either exploding with absolute rage or bursting into tears in every single scene. And honestly, I can't quite decide if it's a super committed dramatic performance or just goofy overacting. Either way, well, he commands the attention, that's for sure. The problems really lie in the writing, and one of the biggest issues for me is the pacing. At nearly 3 hours long, this movie soon becomes a [ __ ] slo. It's bloated, sluggish, pretentious, and self-indulgent. And after the second hour, I was genuinely starting to get pissed off wondering if it was ever going to end. The constant commercials for Indian gambling websites didn't exactly help either. Wait, what? The thing is, I'm perfectly fine with longer movies as long as they satisfy two important conditions. There's enough going on to justify the extra run time and the characters are likable enough to keep me invested in them. And well, one battle after another fall short on both counts. For all the strong performances by a veteran cast, the characters they actually play are such unlikable [ __ ] that I really didn't care much what happened to any of them. Movies like Four Lions proved that it's possible to show people serving a terrible cause and still make them likable and interesting because there's a strong moral compass underneath it all. I never got that sense with this movie. Partly because the ending implies that the cycle of terrorism and retribution is just going to continue on with the next generation. And partly because it's too afraid to engage with the idea that maybe extremism on both sides is a bad thing. Apparently, the movie underperformed on its opening weekend. And to be honest, I can kind of see why. Its political messaging and moral framework feel like they've been overtaken by real life events in recent months. And if I had to take a guess, I'd say the audiences, especially American audiences, are suffering from a kind of culture war fatigue at this point. They're getting tired of all this [ __ ] and the last thing they need is the elites of Hollywood descending from their ivory towers to tell them how they ought to be feeling about the whole thing. Ultimately, one battle after another fell somewhere between the two extremes I mentioned at the beginning of this video. Neither a glorious triumph nor a laughable disaster, but something a bit more mediocre. a slightly long, slightly boring, slightly forgettable, and slightly pretentious film that thinks it's way more profound than it actually is. That wasn't really worth the 3-hour runtime, and that I'll probably never bother to watch or even think about again. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.