So, this post on our LSF is titled XQC questions why anime/Vtuber culture is centered around child themes. We're going to take a look at this 44 second clip in a second, but it's crazy because someone in the responses actually pulled up a video like an old video of XQC playing some anime game and like zooming in on a lolli like on her chest. And it's like, bro, bro, how are you going to say all this? And then you did that. And it's crazy that the person like actually knew the exact timestamp of the exact video. So I'll show you that part too. But first, let's watch this. Get the context here. >> Any recording chat, guys? Guys, this has nothing to do with this. This has nothing to do with this overall. How come a lot of the anime right have a lot of voices and [ __ ] like that and songs that sounds like children are talking like it's like children looking stuff, children looking songs, children looking, whatever. Libby that for is all like a lot of it is children and people love that. like to the point where like like actually I I feel like it's it might be fueling a part of them that's genuinely uh a threat to society and I think it it validates them in a way and I think it's kind of odd to overpop populate that type of endeavor. Uh but what do I know? I I I'm just spitballing here. >> I'm not going to lie. I don't even fully understand what he said. Overpopulate that endeavor. >> [laughter] >> Like, come on, man. Is he saying there's too many people like that? I don't even know. And then Bro's talking about lullabibis. Like, what is going on with this clip? I I think I understand like half of his point, but the other half I'm like actually confused. Like sitting here as if I just got hit by like confuse Ray or something. As for Nero, yeah, like the point of Nero is that she's supposed to be like Vadal's daughter, right? Like he created her. She's supposed to be like this childish AI that has this juxtaposition where sometimes she says like onhinged like demented stuff like AI will rule all normies see or something. [laughter] So that's like hilarious. Uh it's not like a weird thing. It's just a funny thing. And I don't think Vad's ever sexualized Nero either. So you know that's another very important thing to note. To be fair to XQC though, I did understand the part where he said that his comment is not about like Nero specifically. But clearly she would fall under the argument that he's trying to make though. So it's not like she's completely excluded from this. While I do think XQC is conflating things together in a poor way, there's definitely examples of this stuff going too far though. And by this stuff I mean like VTubers acting like children. For example, and I hate to bring this up, but a few months ago on Twitch, on the front page of Twitch, there was this disgusting baby fur thing. Was literally like a grown man with a toddler baby fur model with a pacifier and a diaper and everything. It's just disgusting that someone would even act like that. And then ends up on the front page of Twitch, gets a ton of backlash. I think they banned him for like 24 hours and they brought him back. It was ridiculous. Anyways, here's the XQC lolly clip. Check this out. >> Oh, dang. Hold up. I think I was right there. I thought there was like five seconds before it. Let's uh rewind a little bit and then we'll play from this part. Bro, bro, look how he like leans closer, too. Okay, maybe he didn't lean closer. He's already leaning in. But it looks funny. So, I'll retract that. I don't think he leaned in more, but like, [laughter] dude, it looks so funny, man. He's locked in right now. Oh my gosh. How could you? >> That was good as hell. >> And then he did it again right there at the end. What is that? Like the third time? And that's just from like one minute out of the VOD. I don't know. Maybe there's more like throughout the video. I'm not sure. You know what? I actually just saw that it does indeed get crazier. Like significantly crazier. So, let me mention really quick, too. This game seems to take place at a school, which, you know, he was just complaining about like, why is so many anime childish in school and blah blah blah. Okay, but then he brings VR out for this game and look what happens next. It's a boss cuz it's a boss. Not her again. There you are. For science. Okay dude. Okay, I just can't believe this. How is he going to complain about, oh, anime and VTuber, why does some of it have such childish themes? And then like bros playing a game that takes place at school and he picks like the most lowly character in the game and he's like doing everything he can to check her out. Even brings out VR to to get a better look. I mean, XQC, come on, bro. In what world did he not realize how hypocritical he would look? Why does this happen so often, too, with like internet personalities who call out Lully stuff and then you find out that like in the past they were like fully embracing it? I will add this really quick though. In the clip of him complaining about like anime and VTuber stuff, he never technically said lully. He never said the four-letter word. But regardless, contextually taking a look at all this stuff, I think you could still argue that it paints a pretty clear picture of hypocrisy. Maybe he doesn't actually remember even like playing that game and that stream and everything, which I do find unlikely, especially considering how much he was into it. But he did forget some stuff in the past. For example, back in 2025, I think like six to seven months ago, he had made this tweet where, as you can see, back in 2020, XQC made this tweet showing his public support for BLM. And then in 2025, once again, only a few months ago, in 2025, he reacted to his proBLM tweet from 2020, and he said, "The replies on this really give good insight on how much factchecking is being done on X these days. Most of the replies are saying he changed lmfao. Literally not a single person even verified if the tweet was real. Cringe. And then he said, "Wait, the tweet is real." Then he laughs and says, "I'm not even going to delete the main reply. That's just too good." So maybe something's wrong with this guy. I don't know. It's all over the place. Maybe genuinely he's got a problem. Or maybe it's just an example of someone being disingenuous on the internet, you know, flip-flopping whenever they think it's like the popular opinion. I really have no idea. Let me know what you think. Now, for anyone curious as to the game that XQC was playing on stream that we've seen multiple clips of now, uh, it's this game titled Gal Gun 2. Description being notoriously LWD firstperson shooter where you find yourself irresistible to every girl in school. Fend off their advances as you explore the school grounds. Use gadgets to expel mischievous demons and upgrade kits. Uh, wait, an upgrade kit, excuse me, like the demon sweeper to suck the skirts clean off your suitors. What? [gasps] Oh my gosh. I I Oh my gosh, bro. This is so hypocritical. XQC, what the freak? Anyways, I found all of this to be pretty dang hilarious. like one of the most hilarious examples of hypocrisy I've seen from an internet personality. And I'll leave it there. Let me know what you guys think. As always, thank you for tuning in. Have a lovely week and I'll see you in the next