Well, it looks like it has begun. Uh, this is, you know, part of the job. Uh, I normally don't like reporting on stuff like this, but I have a duty to my channel and to keep you guys informed. Right now, there's a very uh scary situation going on at a uh K12 um a uh Jewish school uh the largest I believe in the nation. It's happening in Michigan. Uh, I think maybe just 30 minutes away from Deerfield, I think you can perhaps connect the dots. Um, the similarities to what happened last year at this time are staggering. So, right now, I'm going to get you all the information I can uh as it breaks here. But as we know right now, a uh individual in a car uh put it through the front doors at the uh at the location um let me bring up the name. It is a the largest reform synagogue in the country. Um I don't know what that means. I'm not like up all I know is this a school and that's all I care about. Um there this is a they reportedly crashed his vehicle into the building. Uh Michigan State Police confirmed that they are responding to an active situation there in West Bloomfield Township. Officials have also said that um have said since the individual put his vehicle into the building before then firing once inside the building. So we have no idea on the number of potential injuries or worse at this exact moment. Now, it's developing. So, as I get through these stories, we may know a little bit more by the end of this video. Scores of police uh vehicles from neighboring departments, SWAT teams, so much more have responded. The synagogue is a reformed Jewish place of worship that has a preschool attached to it. It is one of the largest congregations in the country and was open at the time. I mean, uh, so who knows how many people are are inside at the time of this. Sheriff Michael Brousard addressed the media saying security at the synagogue. Uh, wait, security, sorry, security at the synagogue did engage, which is incredible. Maybe that means they are the ones that took took him out. We don't know yet. Um, officials have said since they smashed a vehicle, images obtained, scores of vehicles, uh, oh, right here, Michael Brushard addressing media saying security at the synagogue engaged the threat and added that no suspect was in custody. One woman who spoke to WDIV reported named Lisa said that the preschool was in use at the time. She told the outlet, "I'm scared to death for my friends. I've never seen anything like this. My first thought was for the children and I can get to some reporting from the scene right now. Uh FBI director Cash Patel has come out to say FBI personnel are on the scene with their partners in Michigan responding to this incident at the Temple Israel Synagogue in West Bloomfield Township, Michigan. I don't know how far west Bloomfield Township is from Deerfield, but I my mind goes right there. Um, we have, you know, they say here, uh, the individual who ran his car into the building is believed to be neutralized. He was engaged by security guards after ramming. If it's true, these guards saved countless lives. I pray that that's true. I pray that this that we have an incredible opportunity here to show America that you protect yourself with strength. Um this is uh in let's go here. Um here >> we're told it's an active shooting. >> Yeah, it says active situation. We have some video here. There's black smoke pouring out of the building presumably from the car. Now, this says it's 30 minutes from Dearborn Temple, Israel synagogue. You know, people like, "Oh, this is I don't know if this is true or not." I mean, >> it's an active >> uh Let's see if we get the video up here. I don't know why this video won't load. It's probably because Well, I don't know what's going on with this. Let me try a different one quick. Um, now they say the school was not in session at the time at Michigan Synagogue when they ran the vehicle, but that contradicts other reports. So, I I don't know. I mean, right now, uh the pictures from the scene are are really spooky. >> You can see all the smoke coming out of the building here from where the vehicle rammed it. Uh and you see here, um police believe the vehicle was intentionally driven in the building. Then the building caught fire. Police swarmed the Jewish synagogue in Michigan Thursday following reports of an active lunatic. Authorities then responded to the temple just before 100 p.m. following reports of the crash. Um, witnesses reported hearing shots. The vehicle intentionally plowed into the synagogue before catching fire. Aerial footage shows smoke wafting from the building in the apparent aftermath. So far, cops have only described the incident as active. Now, the latest report that I've seen is that security did engage this individual, which would be incredible. Also, by the way, let's not gloss over the fact that the same thing happened at Old Dominion today where two people, Old Dominion College, two people and the individual. We still don't know anything about that. So, that's two separate attacks in the same day. I want to go here to let's see here. I want to go here and here. There we go. of that. Um, I'm trying to kind of juggle a few things here at once, but the uh we we'll see. Uh, I had to get uh Hannah Claire live right now. I'm I'm supposed to be live right now, but I want this is obviously massive massive news. Um, the individual apparently is toast now. Here's some of the thick black smoke coming out. smoke on the roof, but we're seeing heavy heavy smoke coming out of the entryway, one of the entryway doors of the >> Now, they say that the car caught on fire. I'm guessing maybe they had some sort of stuff in the car to ensure that would happen. That That's what my guess is. >> So, uh this just goes to show uh you know, something has got to be going on in there. Some sort of fire. >> That looks like a very active fireing. It's a big building, so obviously it doesn't look like it's billowing yet, but it's with the way it's coming out. I think they probably had the car packed. It would appear that multiple locations inside are likely on fire. That is stronger smoke than what we saw earlier. So again, these, you know, would have been >> My guess is at this point, um my point, my guess is at this point, uh they probably had their vehicle loaded with gasoline or or some other, you know, incendiary stuff to try to cause massive maximum damage. Again, the synagogue security engaged the threat and adding that nobody was in custody yet. All teachers and children at the synagogue's early childhood center are safe and accounted for. Let me repeat that again. All teachers and children in the synagogue's early childhood center are safe and accounted for. I mean, praise God. That's just breaking right now. So what it looks like from the story, you know, that the armed security saved countless lives. That's what that's what it looks like to me. Nobody was in custody yet, probably because security took them out. Says all teachers and children in the synagogue's early childhood center are safe and accounted for. Now, that doesn't mean um well, I said teachers, so I I'm hoping that the the best possible scenario here is true and that, you know, these security people took him out. That's that's what it looks like to me. And um this is the scary part, you know, right now, you know, I don't know why, you know why you know, we have to keep learning this lesson over and over and over again. Right now, it looks like all the teachers have been safe and accounted for. Um hopefully we find out that just the security took them out. It says Jewish organizations across the United States have been urged to initiate lockout protocol as a precautionary measure following reports of this incident. So, they're probably worried about copycats, more people. I mean, the psychos have been activated. Uh this is incredibly incredibly lucky if this is true right now. A lot of people are reporting casualties unknown, but multiple places are reporting that everybody is safe and accounted for. Um the broader concern comes from FBI bulletins that we've been reading over the past few weeks and months that these sleeper cells, these people are around. And um this is this is spooky. Uh you know, I I want to see safe and accounted. I want to see if I can quick find more more information. Um, this is Buffalo Bills. Oh, okay. Uh, I don't remember when that happened. Um, this says, "From what I heard, two local friends, including one who works in the hospital that's been in contact WPD that all the kids are safe and accounted for. PD indicated that there were two people who rammed a truck into the front of the building, then got out and started shooting. just heard on the news that all that the teachers and children at Temple in Israel are all safe and accounted for. We're going to see here that this is a good a good guy with a an armed good guy just saved could have saved hundreds of lives. I mean, this is incredibly incredibly lucky. Uh, and and I hope that more people continue to take this stuff serious and safe. Uh, I'm I'm sure we know who these two people are going to be. I'm sure we know who these two people are going to be. And uh, you know, as we get an update later today, I'll probably up update upload another video. So, make sure you subscribe so you get notified when I when I upload. And we'll talk to you again very very soon.