Hello and welcome back to Clownfish TV. It is me, Geeky Sparkles, and it's just me for this video. And I don't even know where to begin. Um, apparently Argentina is having a problem as more and more young people are identifying as animals. And I'm like, well, hey, welcome to the club because it's been an ongoing issue here. But yeah, they're having issues with kids like 14, 15 years old, like getting together and wearing dog masks and other animal masks and pretending to be animals in the park and things like that. They're calling them theans. There's it's already been ongoing issue in the United States. They've talked about it before. Now, the litter box rumors about the schools put litter box in. I mean, I think everybody already knew that was bull crap, you know, but there have been instances where they talked about, you know, the one principal's kid decided she was a cat and she had been known to hiss at people and scratch at people and things, but nothing was being done because she was the the daughter of the school person. And there's been different stories like that that have gone around and you've seen it, but it's now it's leaving here and it's heading over to other places like Argentina and are starting to have a problem with it. Things I didn't think I'd be talking about today, but am. So, uh, please like and subscribe. If you do, we'll give you a woohoo. Woohoo. I'm also supposed to remind you that if you would like a Geeky Sparkles Ginger Rage pin, that is running out of time. It'll probably be left open a little bit after this, but I don't know for how long cuz we need to get those ordered. We also have some of the Crimson Ren books and pins also available, but again, that'll be shut down soon. So, back to the the article at hand. So, this is coming from the Associated Press under their oddity section of all things. Um, the bio phenomenon in Argentina has young people identifying themselves as animals. Buenosaris, the plaza transformed to a makeshift wilderness for unusual group of teenagers. Sophia wearing a lielike beagle mask ran across the grass on all fours. Nearby 15-year-old is a gar leapt through the air, clearing an obstacle course while imitating the precise movements of a Belgian breed dog. That's very, very specific. Others dressed as cats and foxes perched in the branches of trees, keeping their distance from curious onlookers. I would be I'm almost thinking the onlookers were keeping their distance from them. It was the latest gathering of Theorans. Theans, individuals who say they identify mentally, spiritually, or psychologically as non-human animals. So now it's not, you know, you don't have to, you know, I you have to respect pronouns. Now you have to respect species as well. You know, the trend has taken over Argentine social media and is getting traction on platforms like Tik Tok. Shocker there. Um, the hashtag not hashtag the surpassed two million posts. Argentina taking over all Latin American countries in engagement. Well, hot damn Argentina, you're number one in something. Um, I wouldn't say it was the thing you wanted to be known for, though. The surge has drawn the attention of influencers and media outlets alike, sparking reactions that range from laughter and bewilderment to outright anger. I'm not angry, I'm just disappointed. No, seriously, I'm just very confused. It sounds to me as somebody who's been around for a while and as somebody who has kids that something got trending on TikTok and they all be part of it. We already know how these viral mo movements happen. And like we saw the thing with um Minecraft movie, the chicken jockey thing went viral before the movie came out. So everybody was going to the theaters and they were packed. Everybody's just waiting for chicken jockey and then they were throwing popcorn everywhere which they got told to stop and then they brought live chickens into the theater and different things like that because they all wanted to be part of it. Even like Markiplier's Iron Lung to some point it was trending on social media and Tik Tok and people wanted to be part of it. So we keep seeing that there's different trends. people dressing up to go to theater for something or you know Barbie was a thing and a lot of people just want to be they want to connect to it. It's something they think they could they feel like they could be part of and they want that attention. They want to be part of this movement. So while some people might legitimately feel that they identify as an animal, I think a lot of people that are involved in it are people that are just wanting attention for it. Um, especially when you tell me Tik Tok's behind it. I'm not surprised. As the movement gains traction, psychologists are stepping in to analyze the phenomenon and its place in public discourse. Yeah, this woman pretty much sums it up right here. She's like, "What the what the fuck?" You know? Um, and of course a Sonic shirt. Uh they said the person who claims to be a Belgian Malininoa or whatever and counts her age as the equivalent of two years and two months in dog years says she's like any other teenager. I wake up like a normal person and live my life like a normal person. I simply have moments where I like being a dog. Okay, that's not I mean in some cases like that I don't think that's you know what you do you boo. Whatever. I mean you're you're mostly normal. You're just having this time that you want to go play and pretend you're a dog. People do worse things. So, you know, have at it. That's not It's when they they are to the place where they are a dog. They decided they are a dog or an animal of some kind. You must address them as an animal. Take care of them as an animal. That's when I really start questioning it. I mean, I'm already kind of like, that's a little weird, but you know, everybody has their quirks, I guess. Um, she's a leader of her pack, a name she identifies with boasts more than 125,000 followers on Tik Tok. see a common do you see a common denominator here and coordinates regular meetups around the Argentine capital. A youth wears a dog mask. Okay. Um Au, a 16-year-old who wore a seal mask to the park meetup considers herself part of the other paw branch of the individuals who are masks and tails to move on all fours just for fun. It's not necessarily about identifying as an animal. Just part of it. And honestly, a seal is a solid choice because they're flipping cute. As long as someone doesn't club you, you're good. Um, see, I think people I think people like this charact this person I say character. This person here, Aru or how you say her name or his name? I'm assuming it's a shei. They just want to be part of it. probably because they're seeing it on TikTok and they want to be included in some way and they think it looks fun or cool and just look something fun to do because you know nowadays kids that are 15, 16, 17, they're expected to, you know, they're still kids but they're still expected to be a certain way and I and kids are going to do things like this because they just want to be do something different. They want to still be a kid in some way or do something that's more childlike in some ways. It's like when the kids that are older want to go trick-or-treating and people wouldn't give them candy cuz like aren't you a little old? And it's like I always give candy to these pe these kids because at least they're out there trick-or-treating and not doing something worse. You know, it's the she just she's uh the curious. Um she reckons that theory and trend took off in Argentina because the country's fairly free environment. Other young Argentines, the movement has provided a vital community where they can feel truly accepted. Should parents be worried? A psychologist and director of the integral therapeutic center in Buenes are Aries acknowledges the phenomenon generally is a complex mix of confusion, laughter and anger. Um a psychologist standpoint this is a symbolic identification with the animal. It becomes path it becomes pathological or alarming only when it turns into a deep root rooted belief and the person fully assume assumes the role of the animal potentially leading to harm for themselves or others. Yeah, that's what I'm saying too. Uh but it's funny because I went out and looked. Here's the the theory in demographics. Okay, so according to Google AI, uh it is a diverse largely online community with a significant presence among youth ages 8 to 18 and within the furry fandom, they think it's about 11 to 17%. They are predominantly based in the United States, shocker there, and Western Europe as the high concentration of neurode divergent members and a high prevalence of canine lupine theereotypes. Again, are we surprised? Um, age. While theorans may of all ages may exist, many awaken or join the community between 8 and 18. A gray muzzle refers to older members who are over 40. Yeah, there's completely nothing wrong with a bunch of people that are like, you know, over 40 people, over 40 people, you know, calling themselves gray muzzles, frolicking around with a bunch of eight-year-olds dressed as, you know, wolves or foxes. Completely fine. I wouldn't question that one at all. Studies suggest 5 to 20% of the furry community members identify as the while some estimates place the global population in the hundreds of thousands to over a million. Neurode divergence of mental health. the significant portion of the community identifies as neurode divergent. To be fair though, a lot of people say they're neurode divergent and they never actually been tested and proven to neurode divergent. They just use it as a you can't tell me no because I'm neurode divergent. Um some studies show around 20% struggle with mental health issues. Again, not everyone is going to be that way, but I'm not surprised. Um the community is primarily online with a heavy representation in the US and Western Europe, growing numbers in Latin America, particularly Brazil and apparently Argentina. Here's the thing again. Tik Tok is a big a big catalyst to this and I think a lot of them are just doing it for fun and I think it's probably just to make friends. We've already talked again many times about how people are having trouble connecting with others especially younger people. Okay. So you're finding a group and you know people might not might not normally want to be part of this see that hey if I go do this I'm accepted and that's like one I don't do it all the time. I live normally I just go do this on the weekends or whatever. And I have to wonder is this because more about a connection and friendship than it is about, you know, the fact that they really believe that they're furries and they're theans or whatever. It's more about, hey, let's go do something fun. You when you're a kid, you do something like that that attracts attention on purpose a lot of times. It's like it's like a little shtick for I know what me and my my brothers and sisters, my friends did, you know, we would go out and, you know, do stuff to get attention for stupid things. I mean, not to this level, but we would do dumb things. And then we stuck a pad on a door of a store once just because we're like, "Haha," and sat and laughed on the bench. So, we they knew it was us, but at the same time, we didn't exactly run away. And it was it was kind of dumb, but we just thought it was funny and we wanted kind of the attention or whatever from it. And I think that's what this is. is I think it's a combination of, you know, being a kid and doing things like that. And I think it's about connection because you want to make friends and they said that, you know, they're very accepting and they meet up and have meetups and they're all hanging out together and you have friends and then after you're done dressing up as animals, you probably talk and hang out for other things, too. So, I think it's it's a it's a combination. It's a many faceted thing. Um, I don't think it's dangerous unless people are out there like really truly believing that the they're animals or they're using it to bully intimidate. Um, I do think if you have a bunch of kids running around, having the gray muzzle people there is a bit weird. And as a parent, I I already this wouldn't happen under my watch as a parent to begin with. Not judging, I'm just saying. But that when I saw the the gray muzzles, I'd be like, "Ah, hell no. A hell no." Um, have you been fixed? do you want to be? Because you know, you're dressed as a dog and you're around my children. I'd be like, "Yeah, you let's go visit the vet." Snip snip. So, anyway, today is just full of all kinds of interesting stories. Um, please like and subscribe. Tell me what you think. I can't wait to see what people think about this. Um, and I will talk to you later. Bye.