Yesterday I talked about the Minecraft Education Edition and how for that addition to Minecraft they rolled out this DLC Good Trouble. This got them a lot of criticism from people that saw it as a corporation virtue signaling down to others. You know, a silence brand moment and especially even more so because the education edition is specifically targeted at children as Minecraft and Microsoft advocate for teachers or educators to purchase licenses for the education edition to be used during certain classes at school. In particular, I went to the website for the education edition and showed some information about the team behind it, the educators behind it. And like I said yesterday, this was certainly not their intention. But that whole video is really doing a great job of inadvertently promoting homeschooling. As many people would say that those educators, they uh don't exactly seem like very upstanding individuals. If you want more context into what I'm talking about, feel free to check out yesterday's video. It's only like 2 minutes long and you'll very quickly see what I'm referring to. At the end of that video though, I showed a series of tweets from Face Connect VTuber Jelly Hoshi who was criticizing Minecraft for that DLC. And while she got over 20,000 likes and a lot of people supporting her take, there was also a lot of people very upset with her in the replies, finding her take to be offensive. And this morning we have a statement, an official statement from Faze Connect official where they are condemning that VTuber of theirs, Hosi, and the statements that she made. They say, "Thank you for supporting FaZe Connect. Recent comments made on Twitter by one of our talents including discussions on sensitive issues." Following an internal review, these comments were taken down. We sincerely apologize for any issue caused by this incident. FaZe Connect's focus has been and always will be providing entertainment through different personalities and a wide range of unique content. We do not tolerate racism, hatred, or bigotry in our communities. Thank you for understanding and your continued support of Faze Connect and our talents. FaZe Connect team. FaZe also seems to have either logged into Hosumi's account and deleted her take directly or forced her to delete it herself, although since she was apparently live when it got deleted, many are speculating that the former is what happened. Nevertheless, now management is getting criticized from both the people who found Hosimi's take to be offensive and those who didn't find it offensive. As those who were offended view their statement as face admitting it was offensive and saying that they don't support that behavior but still employing that talent, well, they view that as it coming off like hollow words. And the people who don't find it offensive view it as management now stabbing Hosimi in the back to appease a Twitter mob. Many people are also saying that all management really had to do was wait a short amount of time for people to simply move on. But now management has really got themselves stuck between a rock and a hard place, so to speak. But that's it for the update. Let me know what you think about this recent action by Face Connect Management and what you think about all this. As always, thank you for tuning in and I'll see you in the next