So, if you ever wondered what the Rodenberry family thinks about Curtsman era, Star Trek Wonder No More, apparently at least Gene Rodenberry's son cannot wait for it to get rebooted under the uh new Paramount regime. This has come from the uh direct. I'm sure people are not very happy about this. Son of Star Trek creator is convinced Paramount's new owners will actually make the franchise better. Exclusive. The Star Trek team seems to feel as though the franchise is in good hands at Paramount. Uh, so Star Trek executives, including Rod Rodenberry, Rod Rodenberry, Rod Rodenberry, the son of Star Trek creator Gene Rodenberry, revealed his feelings about the new leadership at Paramount and whether he believes Star Trek will prosper under the new regime. In August of 2025, Paramount underwent a major change. The company merged with Sky Dance Media, creating the new Paramount Sky Dance Corporation. After the deal closed, Sky Dance CEO David Ellison was named chairman and CEO of the new Paramount Sky Dance Corporation. In an exclusive interview with the direct on the red carpet at the 2026 Saturn Awards to support Star Trek Strange New Worlds being nominated for best science fiction television series, Star Trek producers Trevor Roth and Rod Rodenberry were asked about the new regime at Paramount and how they felt it would affect Star Trek in the future. Might get good. According to Roth, the executives behind the sci-fi franchise hope the new leadership understands or appreciates that Star Trek is a wonderful piece of entertainment and can also talk about important issues. The producer also mentioned that he wants the new team at Paramount to see what they see. So far, according to Roth, they do. Um, so this is Trevor Roth. Our hope is the new leadership understands or appreciates that we appreciate Star Trek. That's a wonderful piece of entertainment. Well, it needs to be entertainment that could go beyond entertaining and talk about important issues to us today and make people think. Um, and it seems to be the case. Now, Rodberry, though, who produced the Saturn award nominated Star Trek Strange New World series and whose father created Star Trek, reinforced that the creative minds and producers behind the franchise, think things will get better with regime change. Now, okay, so he actually was involved in the production of Strange New Worlds, which for me was hit or miss. I think it felt the closest to classic Star Trek of any of the Curtsman era shows, but it also, you know, show showed its its age. I think it it definitely was a product of its time. And I don't think a lot of these episodes are going to age terribly well. And I sure as hell don't like singing and dancing clingons, you know, but whatever. So, Rod Rodenberry says, "I'm a big fan of change. Maybe not change for the sake of change, but dare I say, sometimes disruptive change for the better. I do think with the new regimes, things will get better. The longtime truck producer mentioned that things weren't necessarily bad before the Paramount Sky Dance merger, but now there's a fresh perspective. He is being very careful because he still wants to get paid. He doesn't want to rock the boat. I'm telling you what he's probably saying. What he's probably saying is, "Yeah, I know fans don't like it. I know they're not happy with it. So, we're going to change it up." And you know, this is uh coming after massive backlash to Starfleet Academy, which wrapped its second season. Now people are like, "Well, if it's so bad, Tuds, why' they get two seasons?" Cuz they green lit two seasons cuz they built the sets and they bought the costumes, they made the costumes and all that stuff. It's a huge upfront expense. So, they green lit two seasons, which in streaming terms, it's it's one season. It was like what, 20 episodes total. And that has wrapped. and we don't know what the future of this show is, but I'm telling you it doesn't sound very promising giving given the viewership, the backlash, um, and the fact that there is a new regime that is going to be blunt. The new regime is very anti-woke, right? I think that we could expect more like Strange New Worlds, but not a puppet show is I think where they're going to go with it. I really don't want them to re reboot uh Star Trek again, but you know, I think I think they have to do something. Um I'd put Terry Metallis in charge. I I'd be like, "Hey, do do that um what is it? New Generation or whatever Last Generation, whatever they were going to do, the uh the follow-up with Bquard's son. Do that. Keep Will Weaten off of that show for God's sake. Will Weaten has like become an energy being bing or something and he's just somewhere else. Keep him off that show. Um, but I would I would kind of pick up the baton and and go from there or just different crew, different period of time. Um, you know, but obviously in the uh the same timeline. What do they call the same timeline? Is it the prime timeline or the alpha timeline or whatever the hell they call it? Uh, not the Kelvin timeline. And uh I this is how checked out I am. I would have known this like 15 years ago. I would have known all this [ __ ] I don't give a [ __ ] now. I really don't. It's just like Star Wars. Like I don't care. I don't I guess my thing with Star Trek is I don't have the disgust for Star Trek that that I do for Star Wars. But I think the reason for that is I haven't subjected myself to a whole lot of Curtsman era Star Trek. I watched some of Strange New Worlds um out of morbid curiosity and then they actually were running it on the uh Pluto TV Star like classic Star Trek channel which I watch those in the background all the time. My wife can attest to that. It drives her nuts. It's either NextGen or DS9 or the original series and she's like, "God, I'm so tired of Star Trek." But I usually like when I'm cooking or something off of Star Trek uh in the background. But um they were running Strange New Worlds and uh I'm like God this is just it you know it had a lot of potential and then Ants and Mounts like super political too. I was like come on why couldn't you be more more Shatner? Just be more Shatner. It's all you got to do just everybody just be more Shatner. I wish like most of the people who worked on this show on this franchise would be more like Shatner right? Uh and they're not. They all have to give their hot takes or whatever. It's like god whatever. Um, but yeah, there's there's nothing in the pipeline right now. Um, this is coming from trackmov.com. For the first time in over a decade, there's no Star Trek TV in production or green lit. If you think you're getting a Starfleet Academy season 3, I wouldn't hold your breath. I'm not saying it couldn't happen. I'm saying it is highly unlikely. And it sounds very much when you've got the son of Gene Rodenberry saying, you know, he hopes things are are better. He said, "It's not that they were bad, but I think there's a fresh perspective and that this heightened climate of humanity right now, I've got a lot of high hopes that they'll understand and recognize that Star Trek has a very important message and story to tell and that it really needs to be highlighted, emphasized, and put out there." So, I have high hopes that the new regime at Paramount will recognize that and give us something good to watch. Give us something good to watch. He knows, right? But you don't [ __ ] where you eat. That's the thing, too. People got to realize when you're talking about Hollywood people or comics people or whatever, and people are like, they can't be that stupid. They have to know the stuff's not good. They have to know that it's not resonating with people. Yeah, they do. They do. But you got to put on a a brave face and be like, well, we still we still got to make our money back. So, even if it's the worst possible [ __ ] uh we got to still try to talk people into watching it because our jobs depend on it. If we want to get more work, we got to make sure that they watch this [ __ ] And in some ways, they're actually contractually obligated. They actually have like morality clauses and stuff in contracts that you will say nice things. You will help promote the movie. Even if you hated the [ __ ] movie and you know the movie's terrible, you will help promote the movie, right? And then you find out like 5 years after the fact that they were very, very, very aware of what they were working on was basically springtime for Hitler. They knew they knew it was bad. They knew it was very bad, but they had to convince the audience that to go see it anyway, even if it was the worst [ __ ] possible. Trust me, these people are not as dumb as you think they are. The people that are dumb are a lot of the recent hires over the last 10 years that think they put stuff out there and everything they do is just pure solid gold, right? And they cannot take any criticism whatsoever. These old dogs, they're very aware. It's kind of the same with the legacy. the legacy people that they bring in to kind of boost the new show. I think I mean I do believe in some ways that they actually feel the way that they feel and I think they feel bad for the people that get caught in the crossfire. Like look, you know, you're just hired to do a job. You're an actor, an actress. You were just hired to do a job. Take it up with the executive that green lit the [ __ ] show in the first place. Take it up with the writer that wrote the [ __ ] Uh take it up with the PR department that put you in the crosshairs. uh take it up with the media especially that has misrepresented uh what you have said in interviews. Um but you've got like Jonathan Franks and Jonathan Franks I think is a pretty good guy. I've I've seen him in podcast and stuff. He's been at different conventions. He seems like he's a good guy. I think he's trying to shield the actors, the Starfleet Academy actors from the [ __ ] He's not wrong in the fact that there was backlash to Next Generation. I don't know if a lot of people remember this because they're too young to remember it. So my uncle was really big into the original series Star Trek and he got me hooked on Star Trek. We used to watch Star Trek on PBS. He had like bootleg copies of every episode cuz you know back then couldn't buy like a box set of Star Trek. This would have been like the 80 early 80s. I was I was little. Um Star Trek movies used to watch those. He gave me one of his model kits. Um I think it was the Enterprise A. So I was like really into it. And then NextGen came out and for me that was my Star Trek, right? So I love Next Generation and you know probably because of Reading Rainbow because they promoted Reading Rainbow with Lavar Barton. But I love the [ __ ] out of Next Generation even the early seasons which are in hindsight very very rough. Those first two seasons are hard to get through um especially the first season. But uh I loved it when I was a kid. It was like my Star Trek. I tuned in every It was Saturday afternoons. It was on Saturday afternoons. Tried to get him to watch it with me. He He would not He hated it. Oh my god, he hated it so much. And this is before the internet, so I I can only imagine there were a lot of guys like him that really just hated the show because it was very different from the original series. I mean, aesthetically, uh, the first season was tonally was very much like the original series. I mean, a lot of those episodes felt like they could have been original series. And I think they were like leftovers from from phase two, if I remember correctly, and that's a whole thing. Um, but he did not like it. And I can only imagine back then the magazines were probably all fired up about how awful it was. I know people didn't like Warf being in the Federation. Um, data they thought was too much of a stretch. Uh, what the hell is Troy's purpose? I still know what Troy's purpose is. You know, Troy, tell me how the aliens are feeling. They feel like they want to kill you, Captain. What? Why am I on the damn bridge? You know, um, they didn't like the idea of the families in space. It was like a hotel in space. And, um, you know, so there were a lot of things that were very different that, uh, you was very nitpicky and, um, you know, eventually it found its footing. And then, you know, we got into, you know, DS9, all that. We we really had, like, for me, what was the peak era of of Star Trek was the the '9s. So, I mean, I would like to say that part of the backlash is just normal when you've got a franchise that's been around as long as it has been, but it does seem like in recent years, especially with Star Trek, a lot of the stars are very antagonistic toward the fans that helped them, you know, have a career, right? Like, you don't have to agree with people. You don't have to go out there and be like, I love the Trump. Let me put on my MAGA hat and live long and prosper and all that [ __ ] No, nobody's asking you to do that. But just realize that, you know, there's there's a lot of different kinds of fans out there. But there are going to be trolls. There are going to be people that attack people. And I I don't think it's ever good to um go after, you know, we try to be careful. Like we try to talk about the news and try not to be like you go after people in particular unless they really just are [ __ ] stupid and they're making headlines for being [ __ ] stupid. And so I think Jonathan Franks is out there trying to protect people. Um and apparently he did. He actually oh tion mas long that tracks he actually did uh protect the actors. He directed episodes of Starfleet Academy or and episode of Starfleet Academy. He's directed like everything like Star Trek. Like he's never disappeared. He's directed episodes of the Orville for God's sake. Like he never left Star Trek, but he actually does seem like a pretty good guy. Um but yeah, he say he's no stranger to the director's chair. He has numerous credits in the wider Star Trek universe. It was literally the biggest Star Trek set ever, he said. And so that was a pretty daunting and funny way to shoot. It was also so there's another reason why I don't think it's going to get another season. It's too expensive. By the time I got to them in episode 9, I benefited from all the many thousands of hours they spent working together, finding themselves, finding their rhythms. Um he talked about uh how emotional it was for him. Yeah, there are some big star. I mean, yeah, I mean I like Holly Hunter. I do. I just the character is like So they talk about him getting to the the backlash. She said, "I was prepared because when NextG came out almost 40 years ago, we were trolled." He laughs. Nobody wanted us. And this was pre- internet. Yeah, but still dimensionally more painful today. And the trolls are hiding. The trolls are hating. Are the trolls hiding? I don't know. They're pretty vocal on social media. I don't think they're hiding. It's the first rule of the Constitution. I guess they're entitled to their opinion, but it surprises me how aggressively anti they are with each new iteration of the show, and it continues to surprise me, and I try to not let it upset me. Um, so there's that's that, too. And that's the thing, too, like you can say, and here's here's where it's it's different. He actually he actually seems pretty balanced, but a lot of people take it very very personally. Like, your show sucks. The characters suck. It just doesn't feel like Star Trek. Well, you're a Nazi big, a homophobe, racist, whatever. And maybe some of the people going after them are, you know, I'm not going to say that they're not, but you have to realize it is a piece of work. Uh people are going to have subjective feelings about it. It is what it is. Um, but I I'm telling you, reading between the lines, this really feels like Gene Rodenberry's son is not happy with this version of the show. Or he's looking forward to a reboot because he's probably like, "Yeah, um, I could have told you this wasn't going to work, but they were going to do what they were going to do, right?" Um, this guy reminds me of Dan Akroyd to me before I wrap this episode up. He was out there. I mean, I talked about, you know, people having to put on a face and, you know, prop up the new faces or whatever. I love Dan Akroyd. I do. I think he's he's phenomenal. I actually like him more for his paranormal stuff. Like, I'm watching his his show on History Channel or whatever it is right now. It's really cool. I like him more for that than I do his acting, I'm going to be honest, because he's he's genuinely interested in paranormal phenomenon and he's he's very uh wellversed in it. He's very articulate about it. Uh he does seem to be very much like race dance in real life. So he's he's pretty cool. But he was out there promoting Ghostbusters 2016. I remember he was doing they were doing the tours and he was out there. Oh yeah, it's the best Ghost. It's going to be great. Every were all coming back for cameos. Ghostbusters 2016. Fantastic. Blah blah blah. Everything's great. That was on the promotional tour. Couple years later, I could have told you it was going to fail. It was going to be a huge flop. It was too expensive. The director was combative. uh all this [ __ ] came out and and that's you know so you will see hindsight's 2020 that a lot of these people are like how could this person betray the fandom they might be contractually obligated to they're not going to [ __ ] where they eat they want to work and that's the thing like they're going to look at this and be like yeah if I say [ __ ] now and I make headlines now that director that producer that studio they're going to remember when I I helped tank their movie or what you know and so usually when you hear them say something it's when they have nothing else to lose It's like Matthew Modin. He waits until after Stranger Things is done to say, "Yeah, I hated the ending." Right? Cuz he has nothing to lose at that point. It's not like he's, "Well, Matthew, we're not calling you back for season 6." There is no season 6. So, wait a couple of years. You might actually get some uh honest opinions on this era of Star Trek from the people that, you know, phoned in cameos or whatever. Uh I can almost guarantee it. Anyway, I'm going to wrap it up. Uh please subscribe. We'll talk later.