So, it looks like Jack Dorsey has grown a pair in the last couple of years. Jack Dorsey was the founder of Twitter. And uh if you remember correctly, he kind of let his employees kind of kind of let his employees run a muck at Twitter. We'll we'll talk about that. And uh he just fired half of his staff just boom. And he said he did it because AI is more efficient. Now, this would have been unthinkable [music] five or six years ago for a number of reasons. Not just because, you know, the AI technology did not exist, but also people's feelings would have been hurt. I don't think they care now. I think a lot of these people that uh let basically let the employees dictate, you know, the direction of the company. They're they're firing people now because they're like, you're an impediment to the health of my organization. I think it's being used to make it look good for investors. And it's it's working, right? So Jack Dorsey fires half his staff, says it's not you, it's, you know, AI, whatever. Deal with it. And their stock explodes. So that's what this is really about. At the end of the day, the AI arms race is really about, I believe, getting rid of dead weight, getting rid of people who aren't going to uh add any value to the company. Using the guise of AI, then eventually we'll go back and hire people in another couple years because the AI is not as good as people think it is. It really isn't. It's okay. it it'll be a good tool in the hands of the right people. But you all the fear-mongering about AI taking your jerbs and all that taking your jerbs uh all that is no it's taking your job because you are dead weight to the company and it's going to take the jobs of a lot of people who are frankly dead weight to the company or they're overpaid there there's that option too but basically it's about uh making you know making a good impression on investors and surviving another day. So, we'll we'll talk about this before we get into it any further. Please subscribe for more pop culture news, views, and rants, guys. Now, I want to I want to remind you uh again where things were at just a couple of years ago. This is um this was posted by the libs of Tik Tok and this kind of kicked off this video uh talking about a day in the life of of Twitter. This kicked off the purge I believe of a lot of tech employees and that would have been like 2022, 2023. And um you know Elon Musk came in, bought Twitter, and immediately laid off like 75% of the staff. Like he saw the writing on the wall like these people are dead weight. They're not adding anything to the company. We did a video the other day talking about roadblocks. Same thing. You've got these younger women, Gen Z women, millennial women, and they're usually women. I I'm going to be honest, usually women talking about their, you know, food and their meetings and their spa days and all this [ __ ] on the company tab. And that's not sustainable, right? this it's like this is this is ridiculous. This is definitely uh kind of a gilded age and now we're we're paying for it, right? Remember um the Roaring 20s were followed by the Great Depression and that's that's what I think we're going to see here uh pretty soon. Not necessarily like an economic collapse or anything, but I think we're going to see tech hollowed out and basically it's going to be run lean and mean because there was too much excess for years. Welcome to a day in my life as a Twitter employee. So this past week, went to SF for the first time at a Twitter office. Badged in. Honestly took a moment to just soak everything in. What a blessing. [music] Also started my morning off with an iced matcha from the pooch. Then I >> Yeah, that that's that's no longer happening. That's no longer happening under Elon Musk. Now you have to justify your job. Every week you got to give an accounting I guess of what you did to make sure you're worth paying. >> Had a meeting [music] so quickly scheduled one of these little pod rooms which were so cool. They're literally noise cancelling. Took my meeting. Got >> Oh my god. [laughter] Sorry. Look at this. I was my last full-time job. I was management. I didn't eat like this. I didn't eat like this. My lunch. I'd go I' I'd take my lunch usually. I'd take my lunch to work and I'd go sit in my car and eat my bagged lunch and I did that because I didn't want to be bothered because if I was in the office, people come in and harass me. So, I'm like, you know what? I know I'm salary, whatever, but I'm I'm basically checking out of the building, but like they're freaking What is this? Mutton chops or some [ __ ] Come on. >> Ready for lunch. Look how delicious this food looks. Oh my goodness. I was so overwhelmed. Then made my way down to this log cabin area. I don't know what this [music] is, but it #women in tech finance. Yeah, this is every every freaking trope that you hear about these these startups just burning cash and hiring people fresh out of college and they think it's it's adult daycare. That's that's basically what it is. Adult day. >> It's really cool. Played some [music] foosball with my friends to kind of unwind a bit. >> When the [ __ ] did you have time to play foosball? [laughter] Tell me this. Riddle me this, you know, when did you have time? Um, also found this really cool meditation room that I thought was super neat. Um, I didn't do any yoga, but they have this yoga if you were a yogi. So, >> okay, I'm I'm going to stop it right here. It's actually making me angry cuz I I worked in tech for years. I worked in marketing. I worked at newspapers. I wor >> Yeah, this is [ __ ] This is this is why Twitter got sold, right? And then Musk came in and immediately started gutting it. And now we're going to talk about Jack Dorsey. I think Dorsy, I think he's actually pretty based. I've listened to interviews with him before and he he has changed. Like his attitude is definitely changed and I think he got burnt by these employees and now he doesn't give a [ __ ] And we're going to see how how little of a [ __ ] he gives in a second. So this come from CNN. Block lays off nearly half of its staff because of AI. It CEO said most companies will do the same. Yeah, this was again this is unthinkable just a couple of years ago. block. The company behind Square, Cash App, and Afterpay is cutting its staff by 40%. The reason, Intelligence Tools, according to a letter to shareholders by co-founder Jack Dorsey. Dorsey thinks most companies will follow suit in the near future. The company is laying off more than 4,000 people, reducing the workforce to just under 6,000. The cuts come as AI has reshaped jobs across the tech sector and is raising concerns about the future of that job market. Companies like Amazon, Meta, Microsoft, and Verizon have all made sweeping cuts in the last year related to AI. That's what they're saying. And yeah, it is true to some degree. But I'm telling you, I'm telling you what's actually going on is they're using this as an excuse to get rid of people who were just collecting a paycheck and not bringing any value to the company, having their yoga mat sessions and their, you know, matcha latte [ __ ] and whatever the [ __ ] they were eating the cafeteria, which looks better than most of most of the food I eat. [laughter] But and how much did that cost, right? I mean this is ridiculous. This is and this is what a lot of these people expect from work now. This is the the people that have entered the workforce in the last 10 years in tech especially in entertainment and media. This is what they expect. They think they're going to go get pampered. And I'm I'm telling you it's going to go back to how it was in the 80s and 90s where it was lean and mean out of a [ __ ] garage and the only people who kept their jobs were the people who actually did the damn work. and you're not going to be able to coast anymore. That's what's going to happen. AI is going to take some jobs. It's not going to take all the jobs. They just don't want you. That's my personal opinion. Uh the cuts come as AI has reshaped jobs. Okay. Uh a significantly smaller team using the tools we're building can do more and do it better. Translation, while you're sipping your matcha latte cappuccino frappuccino whatever the [ __ ] down in the cafeteria, uh there's some other people who are actually doing their jobs. That's why you're gone. Intelligence tool capabilities are compounding faster every week. Block CFO Amriita Auja said it more plainly in the tech company's financial guidance. We see an opportunity to move faster with smaller, highly talented teams. Let me let me Okay, this this is this is kind of my theory of everything. We see an opportunity to move faster with smaller highly talented teams using AI to automate more work. What is going to happen? And the same thing is going to happen in the entertainment industry. The people who aren't bringing it are going to get gone. The people who are bringing it are going to be given uh given tools to do three, four, five, 10 times as much work and they're going to have oversight over it. Would you rather have um be able to clone a really good employee versus having to train a bunch of people that are a waste of space? I mean, I'm not trying to be a dick, but yeah, if you've got a really good writer or you've got a really good programmer or you've got a really good, you know, graphic designer, whatever, you would like more of that, right? Well, how you do that? You can't literally clone them yet. That's probably coming. But, you know, we're getting there. But you can give them a tool set so they can do more and then they can get rid of all the people that are basically a waste of space. And if you're getting gone in these purges, I'm sorry, but the company probably views you as a waste of space. That's the truth. >> [laughter] >> You know, it's that's the truth. In a post on X, Dorsey guaranteed the cuts weren't happening because the business is struggling, but rather because our business is strong. Gross profit continues to grow. Again, Jack Dorsey would not have done this at Twitter six years ago. He would have been terrified to. He probably thought it, but now he's like, you know what? [ __ ] you. Profit. Profit. We have to do we have to make this company profitable. The co-founder of Twitter believes he's ahead of the game. I think most companies are late. Within the next year, I believe the majority of companies will reach the same conclusion and make similar structural changes. I'd rather get there honestly and on our own terms before being forced into it. Uh many of the companies that are cutting hordes of jobs and blaming it on AI had swelled in size during the pandemic years when tech companies were meeting demand for online services. Black, for example, employed uh 3,800 people by the end of 2019 and had grown its headcount to over 10,000 before the layoffs. Meta had nearly doubled its headcount in roughly two years. And what's happening now? They're downsizing. They've been downsizing the last two or three years. Tech leaders are pairing back and returning to those preandemic numbers because the money is running out, right? And he's saying, "We're not struggling. We're just we're trying to be ahead of the curve." Translation: We need to be nimble. Uh translation, we can't be nimble if we got you in there doing your [ __ ] yoga and your [ __ ] foosball, playing [ __ ] foosball on company time. That's not nimble on X. Dorsy said he chose to be honest about the company's position and act now rather than cut gradually over months and years. Yeah, just that's how it's going to be, guys. And it's not here's the thing. It's not AI's fault. It's these companies. It's actually these companies fault uh faults because they hired you. They hired the people they're letting go and they should not have hired that many people. That's the reality of it. Everybody's like, "Oh, well, I was a special snowflake. I went to so- and so school and I got a job at this prestigious tech firm and blah blah blah." Yeah. Um, you probably shouldn't have been hired in the first place if you're not willing to do the work. I mean, that's the truth. You look at the people who started these companies. You look at the people who, uh, you know, especially like in video games programming and and early internet. These people like slept on the damn couch, slept on the, you know, slept in their garages, you know, mortgaged their homes in some case, whatever, to start their businesses. and they hired people that helped them grow their business, not people that were a hindrance that thought that they were entitled to, you know, some ridiculous job. So, I think this is this is absolutely about just get rid of people right sizing now. Rip the [ __ ] band-aid off, right? If you're going to have to learn how to bag fries, it's better you learn now, I [laughter] guess. I mean, I don't know what to tell you. Uh th this industry is never going to be the same. all these video game unions, AAA game union, all this [ __ ] you know, oh, we want more, you know, we want more perks and we want better pay. You're lucky to have a [ __ ] job right now because so much of this [ __ ] can be automated. And some people are going to play ball and they're going to be like, you know what? Yeah, I'll I'll I'll give me give me a bit of a a bump in salary and you can get rid of like 10 people and I'll just do it with AI. I'll oversee everything before it goes out the door. Investors have reacted well to the gutting of jobs. Block shares soared 24% after the announcement. And that's what this is about. The cuts come amid rising concerns about how AI will impact the workforce as AI giants like Anthropic and Open AI continue to push out new enterprise tools. Again, it's not necessarily about the tool. It's about having an excuse to get rid of you, having an excuse to to throw people overboard, save money, look like a hero to the investors. And I think they will go back and and rehire people, but they're going to hire the right people. They're basically correcting a mistake. That's what I think this is all about. They're correcting a mistake where they hired too many people and they hired too many unqualified people and now they got to find a reason to get rid of them and then they'll be like in two years be like I guess AI is not the magic bullet after all. Okay, we'll hire some people back. Some people uh Dorsey's decision reflects a growing sentiment among tech leaders to operate more leanly as AI evolves. Amazon said needed fewer layers to operate as quickly as possible, calling AI the most transformative technology we've seen since the internet in a memo from October. Yeah, it's all related. It's um they just don't want you. That's that's basically it. Uh they don't want you. So they said that u seven former block this come from business insider. Seven former block workers say they used AI to varying degrees and weren't convinced it [music] would replace them. Um, no. You again, you you were an underperformer. Um, so this is a this is one of the uh employees here as a data analyst. I had a hunch that at some point the company would cut people because of AI. I didn't think it would be right now. Uh, when Dorsy dropped the hammer in a memo post on X said AI was the reason 4,000 workers were losing their jobs. They're also going to use this as as [music] a threat too. perform better, make us money, or the robots's gonna take your job. And this is a very different Jack Dorsey. Like, this is wild to see. I don't know if he's been talking to Musk or what, but he's just like, they would not have done this a couple of years ago at all. Um, so there we go, guys. It's it's it's going to be very very interesting to see what happens in the next [music] couple years. I totally predict the um end of AAA gaming as we know it. And I think we're going to have a lot of really awesome games come out, but they're going to be done by [music] smaller teams using AI tools. Tools, not a replacement. And the only people being replaced are the people who didn't perform in my opinion. Uh anyway, we got to wrap it up. Please subscribe. We'll talk later.