To the surprise of absolutely no one, Disney is already making excuses for The Mandalorian and Grou and why it may not do well. This is not surprising. Everybody has seen the lack of enthusiasm for this project and it's all Disney's fault. They have no one to blame but themselves and they are building excuses right now and they're trying to make people look forward to the next Star Wars project because they know they have screwed all of this up. Now I don't think that there's any scenario where the Mandalorian Grou was going to be a massive success because of the timing. if you would have released this movie after the season two of the Mandalorian, I think that was your best opportunity at being a major success with this on the big screen, but after the Book of Boba Fett, after season 3 of The Mandalorian, uh, and the reception to those, there's no way that this is going to be a huge success. Now, this is the first Star Wars film since The Rise of Skywalker. And you would think the first Star Wars film since The Rise of Skywalker, there would be a ton of enthusiasm. Well, that's just not the case for this. And here you have Variety says some Disney staffers are concerned the unconventional 36 Super Bowl spot for the Mandalorian Grou failed to spark excitement. Well, that is uh an understatement because yes, this right here, this 30 second TV spot for The Mandalorian and Baby Yoda was a disaster. the like to dislike ratio, 18,000 up votes to 34,000 down votes. But the bigger story, three million views. No one cares. No one gives a damn about this. This was not a good decision. Now, to be clear and fair, they did release a trailer 8 days ago that has 10 million views and 131,000 up votes, 13,000 down votes. That's still not good. 10 million views. This is the first Star Wars movie since Rise of Skywalker and there's no excitement. You did this to yourselves and they are trying to build in excuses right now. Now, the narrative that's being pushed is, "Hey everyone, Starf Fighter. Starf Fighter. You know that's a good Star Wars movie. You guys should be looking forward to Star Fight Fighter." Oh yeah, look at here. Starf Fighter reportedly has c recaptured the Star Wars franchise's spirit of fun from those who have seen footage. Ryan Gosling has also uh also gives a standout performance. Here is the Star Wars Shield Direct. Uh Star Wars Starf Fighter has reportedly recaptured the spirits uh the spirit of fun from the franchise yada yada yada. And that's what this variety article is getting at as well. So they know what's happening right now and they are trying to shift people's expectations. They are already trying to set people up that they know that this is going to underperform. Now I have said many times I don't think this is going to flop like the Marvels, but I just don't see a massive success with The Mandalorian and Baby Yoda. I just don't see it. Um, and this little TV or this uh the Super Bowl spot, you can get away with stuff like this if your franchise is operating properly. But when the franchise is in the gutter, no one wants to see like this. No one cares. And this franchise is so embarrassing right now and has seen so many failures on top of failures on top of failures. Whether it's the theme park side, whether it's the TV side, whether it's the movie side, whether it's the video game side, whether it's the toys, it doesn't matter. Star Wars has managed to fail at every single aspect of it over Kathleen Kennedy's time at Lucasfilm. Everything has failed. It's unbelievable. Now, Kathleen Kennedy is not there, but people that worked directly under her are there. Dave Fon and Lynwin Brennan will take over leadership duties. So, it really doesn't matter. Old boss, uh, new boss, old boss, same boss, whatever, however you want to word that. That's what's going on here. Dave Fona and John Favro are very much involved in the creative process with The Mandalorian and Baby Yoda. And I think it's going to be a very bad look for this movie to come out and this movie to do very very poorly considering the new guy that's at the head of Lucas Film who's the same guy who's been overcreative the guy that was that oversaw the acolyte all of that that guy is now involved in the creative development of the Mandalorian and Baby Yoda. And if that comes out and fails or at least fails to be a really big success, which I think that's a safe bet that it's going to fail to be a big success, how does that make the executives and the shareholders at Disney feel about the future of Star Wars? The once most powerful and iconic brand in all of entertainment is now just an irrelevant garbage brand that no one actually cares about and no one is invested in. And them telling everybody that, hey, that Mandalorian movie, eh, we're not we're not sure that one's going to do good, but hey, the Starf Fighter movie, guys, yeah, you might want to look into that one. So, this is hilarious to say the least, and I love it. I am not looking forward to any of this I'm looking forward to The Mandalorian for one reason, to roast it. And especially because I'm happy that these movies are being released in theaters because there's no spinning the numbers and twisting them and manipulating them from a streaming side. These are going to be box office numbers that we can see. Now, whatever that is, we're going to tell you what's going on. If it's a massive success, we're going to tell you that. If it's a major disaster, we're going to tell you that. If it's middle of the road, we're going to tell you that. I don't know. But I tend to believe it's going to be middle of the road. I don't think you're looking at a huge success with The Mandalorian. And I do not think that you're looking at a Captain Marvel level or the Marvel's level of a failure. I think you're looking at middle of the road. And middle of the road for the first Star Wars movie since Rise of Skywalker back in 2019 ain't going to cut it. So you guys let me know your thoughts in the comments below. Also, if you have not, go over to geeks.com, our website. We are uploading articles and news every single day in the world of entertainment. Our team is doing a great job. So, please bookmark that. Put it as your favorites. Check it out daily. They're doing awesome. Share it out on all of your favorite social media uh channels and uh networks and things like that. We do appreciate it. But other than that, you guys have a great day. Thank you very much for checking out this video and we will talk to you