Greetings, Culturians, and welcome back to the 
channel. Today, we have a short video talking   about the masculine franchise, Predator, and 
what exactly happened to it. It lost probably   closer to 80 million. And it looks like there's 
uh no plans in sight to try to rectify or correct   any of the damage done. And I don't blame him 
because Predator and even Alien has become a   complete dog's dinner when it comes to the box 
office and any potential that it may have. And   it's all because Hollywood released the worst 
possible creators on a current product that   uh needed no improvement. But hey, that's 
not surprising for us in these days. Woke   Predator loses $80 million in the box 
office. And as usual, it's your fault. So, in this article, this great article 
from Matt McGloin over at Cosmic Book News,   we've got Predator: Badlands box office losses 
approaching $80 million. Now, this article,   couple days old, December 21st really did land 
uh kind of with zero fanfare because nobody cared   anymore. It's not that we didn't care about well 
Matt's writing or Cosmic Book News or even Bad   Lands itself. It's that there really wasn't 
anything left to say. This is a disaster like   any other woke approach to film making. It kind of 
defines a way to guarantee a loss when you could   have easily had a win. Predator Badlands in this 
particular article will kind of emphasize why we   are wrapping up 2025 with kind of a thud and not 
a ramp into 2026. From the story itself, Predator   Badlands is now shaping up to be an even bigger 
box office disaster than originally projected   with losses approaching $80 million as theatrical 
interest completely collapses. that's being kind.   With what was once estimated a loss of around 60 
million is now tracking significantly worse as the   film's domestic run fizzles out and international 
audiences largely stay away. Stay away. That's   being rather kind. Nobody was interested in seeing 
this film. The visuals, even in the trailers,   looked a little rough, and the mix of characters 
and kind of the story just pushed fans away from   the franchise and potentially maybe even the Alien 
franchise as well. Uh, a lot of crossover lore was   supposed to be in this film. And despite all of 
that and the best effort I've seen at marketing   at one of these films recently, nobody was 
interested, including yours truly, who was just   pretty much done. Now, the box office did drop off 
a cliff, as I mentioned before, and week seven or   weekend 7 was just kind of a disaster. The box 
office found a brutal hit in week 7, plunging   78.3% to just $213,000. The film also lost roughly 
70% of its remaining theaters, a clear sign that   exhibitors are done with it. It also means 
that of course the controller of this, which   was 20th Century Fox, didn't want to put any more 
money or any more effort into forcing theaters to   keep this on their screens. There just isn't any 
reason. And believe it or not, Disney's notorious   for pushing the widest possible release for the 
longest period of time, much to the detriment of   not just other films, but to the exhibitor's own 
best interests. At this point, the domestic box   office is effectively finished. There's nothing 
else out there. There's no more opportunity,   and there's no new audience that's going to 
show up to see this thing. It is what it is. And   the tallies now sit at $90.6 million, about 50% 
domestic. And international at 92.8 million, about   50% or nearly 51% international. Worldwide, we got 
$183.4 million. And that's well short of what is   considered a break even point by modern Hollywood 
standards. Between production costs, marketing,   and distribution expenses, you're looking at a 
break even around 262 million, making this a very   fall short kind of approach to film making or at 
least some kind of a profit- takingaking oriented   business. And international audiences really 
weren't having it. They couldn't save it. It's   not like this was something that was getting the 
pop that you would get in some place like China or   even other markets. Disney was likely hoping that 
international markets would help save it like it   did with Zootopia. And of course, they were hoping 
for with Avatar Fire and Ash, which just doesn't   seem to have showed up in as big a numbers as I'm 
sure they were counting on. But the overseas box   office barely edged past domestic and there was no 
late surge from key territories again like China   to make this thing seem like a success. The global 
interest has been fading fast in the franchise and   the television product Alien didn't really pop 
either. There's little chance that the film will   meaningfully improve the final numbers. In fact, 
I would say they died about when this article   was released on the 21st of December. Losses now 
nearing $80 million based on the worldwide gross   and estimated total cost. Predator Badlands is now 
on pace to lose close to 80 million theatrically.   That's a significant jump from earlier projections 
and firmly places the movie in bomb territory at   the box office. Again, they thought this would 
only lose 60 million. It's now up to 80 million.   And we don't even know if the true actual spend on 
the film was in line with our expectations. It's   quite possible, like with many other productions, 
especially those related to Disney, are wildly   off and well underestimated in a way that is uh 
almost abusive to good financial responsibility.   merchandising and downstream revenue won't come 
close to offsetting any kind of gap because   there is practically none. Nobody was, you know, 
jumping all over this property andor scooping up   any product that was put out in retail over 
the course of the holidays or even perhaps a   popcorn bucket here or there. Aliens versus 
Predator crossover is likely dead. In fact,   everybody saw this coming even as the TV product 
was failing at the basically the same time.   Predator Badlands underperformed this badly for 
a reason. There's really nobody interested and   the incentive for Disney to move forward with the 
theatrical crossover event is well unlikely. So,   too apparently is a sequel. There's no plans for 
a sequel here, and that's probably the best news   for fans that you could get today. Predator is 
likely headed back to streaming, which is kind   of where a lot of things go to die these days. 
And if Disney decides to continue the Predator   franchise at all, that's likely where it will 
go, not theaters. There's just no money in it.   scaled down release could limit risk, lower 
budget, clear the hurdles that Predator has   found with movie goers. And for now, Predator 
Badlands looks like the end of the road for   the franchise on the big screen, unless all of a 
sudden Arnold Schwarzenegger comes back and pushes   forward something new that we could all look 
forward to. And honestly, I agree with Matt here.   Fake hype didn't save the Predator. The fake memes 
run by various outlets didn't help. The Aliens   versus Predator is still the highest grossing of 
the Predator films, coming in at over 305 million   in today's dollars. But the 87 original starring 
Arnold Schwarzenegger blows Badlands away,   landing at over 280 million in today's dollars. 
in a way meaningfully that meant something way   back then. Just the domestic run alone, as 
we read here, also destroys Badlands with a   massive 170.793 million in today's dollars. That's 
twice that of Badlands. And I have to tell you,   that was one of the best movies of the year that 
I saw way back when. So, I have to ask you, were   you expecting this film to be a big winner? Did 
you see the film and enjoy it and think that all   of everybody's objections are silly? Did you see 
it and decide that you'll probably never go back?   Or is this just the film you avoided to save some 
money for something else worthwhile down the way?   Let me know your thoughts down in the comments 
section below. And with that, as always, I leave   you to be sure to take care of yourself, take care 
of others, try and keep them from seeing silly   movies. And until next time, I'll see you, just 
not at any Predator or Aliens movies anytime soon.