Marshall Lucas perfectly explains what the sequels got wrong and what The Mandalorian got right. Marshall Lucas is George Lucas's ex-wife and she did a lot that a lot of people don't know about for the original trilogy. She chopped up the whole thing of episode 4 and essentially put the force back into the movie literally cuz George wanted to cut it out. So, I guess this is a new interview that just happened. So, let's go ahead and watch it. Am I delighted with the films that Disney has made? Not really. Do I like Mandalorian? Yes. I think Mandalorian's great. I really like it. It's a good show. >> What does Mandalorian get right that the new films got wrong? >> Well, >> I'm asking you as an editor. I'm asking you as the person I think who poured the heart into the franchise. What does it give? Because I'm with you. >> Like I don't I'll never watch the new ones again. Ever. And I don't I'm not crazy about the prequels, but I do not loathe them. >> I do love the new ones. >> Um >> right on. Here we go. Okay. Marshall Lucas also, and I I did mean that that George had doubts of leaving the force, this mystical force in the trilogy, in the original trilogy. And Marshall Lucas was like, "No, you have to put that back in." She edited it back in. And when it was time to show the full thing, she couldn't go back and take it out cuz it was too late. And George was like, "Well, I I guess. Imagine that." And she's always been extremely candid with how she feels about people and things. and um I really respect her. >> But I love Mandalorian. >> What is it that makes it work for you? >> The story you take a you take a character out of Star Wars and he's a bount bounty hunter and he gets and he gets paid to go collect this little baby. And then when he collects the baby, he falls in love with the baby and he misses him when he has to turn him in. And he goes back and he rescues the baby. And that that story between that bounty hunter, right, soldier of fortune, you know, you never see his face, he's wearing a mask, you know, and his affection for that little baby is what drives the story forward. And what drives the story forward is that every week they have an adventure trying to get back to to the baby's planet, where the baby came from, where >> it's also a big deal that the baby is a baby Yoda. Baby Yoda, >> which there you go. Which George always said, Yoda, you don't want to know much about him because it takes away his mysticism. He's like this really cosmic sort of wizard that just comes in and out of the scene uh when he needs to drop a little bit of wisdom and that's it. >> Came from get find his people and Mandalorian wants to find other bodies, other other people like him. So, you've got this metal metal man, this body hunter, and this baby Yoda, this little green thing with big ears going off on all these adventures together. >> And they're good adventures. All the things they encounter. I mean, that's what happened in Star Wars. Star Wars had ice planets and clown planets and desert planets and you know all >> that was a major qualm that George Lucas had with the sequel trilogy was that he said it a million times that they just want to do the same thing. >> Why does everyone want to go back to >> he's like I like to go to different planets. I like to go to different places but they just want to go to the same places. >> All kinds of different planets. So that just is a good story. It's a good story. What I didn't care for I don't care for the sequel the sequels because there was no need to kill Harrison Ford. >> I've never heard >> why kill Han Solo the beloved character Han Solo. Why? And then at the end of the last Jedi they let Luke disintegrate. So they kill off Luke should have stay stuck around to be the new Obi-Wan to know the new Yoda, the new Jedi master to teach the young people, right? They're not they don't think story anymore. We're not thinking. Well, >> that's funny though. That's what a Mandalorian's doing. >> They're telling a story. >> Yeah. And I don't know if I don't want to spoil it for you if you're Are you up to date? >> No, I'm not. >> I'm not. >> Let's change the topic. You should keep watching. You should watch Book of Boba Fett. >> Uhhuh. >> And you could actually probably skip the first four episodes. >> Oh, right. >> But [laughter] starting in episode five, I think you'll like it quite a bit. >> Oh, yeah. The Mando episodes, [laughter] which I think were episode six. Uh, but that's probably why he says I'd say the first two episodes of Book of Boba Fett were great. If there if there's one person a lot of people say it's Dave Filona who knows Star Wars as second in line after George, it's Marshall Lucas. It's definitely Marshall Lucas. And and then after her, I would say or on par with her would be Roger Christian. The stories Roger has and the things he knows about the original trilogy, I mean, he was right there with Marsha. He was right there with George when they were building this or when they were starting out. I mean, he created the first lightsaber for God's sakes. You know, the the guy knows everything that George was thinking to be the set decorator and then to be the second unit director for episode one. >> They start getting good. Yeah, they >> do. But let's just say you're a good idea. Someone else >> Star Wars is such a good story. >> Yeah. New vlog, by the way. Um, yeah. You know, this is really cool. I didn't know that she was doing an interview of some sorts. Marshall Lucas perfectly explains what's wrong with the prequels. Uh-oh. Might want to watch that one after. I didn't know she was doing uh interviews and stuff. Hold on. I gotta go through this whole thing and watch it because she's a extraordinary woman and she's very intelligent. >> Who are you? >> And she knows exactly what Star Wars is. And I bet you nobody's going to call her a sexist for saying that she didn't like the sequel trilogy. Are they? So, when it comes to the sequels, I mean, yeah, we've been saying it for so many years, and so many of us have been called, including by Disney people, um, racist or sexist or whatever it might be, which is everything they want to throw at you if you don't tow in line, if you don't agree with them. And it's this really low IQ argument that they throw just because they can't come up with any actual evidence or reason as to why the film is actually not good, which we give them, but they don't want to accept it. So, it's totally acceptable to have different opinions and I'm all for that. But I also don't believe in name calling when uh you just don't agree with the other person if they're being cordial and respectful to you. If so, Marsha Lucas's thoughts on um on that is is pretty interesting. See what she says perfectly wrong with the prequels. >> What's wrong with the prequels >> story? I think the story lines are confusing and I think they're too so full of special effects and you know all the see what do you call them computerenerated characters. I mean I like real humans. I mean, I love robots and I love Mandalorian and I love all those characters, but they seem to be vacant of human relationships with humans. I I think I'm not sure. I saw the first one because a friend of mine who worked at I never got invited to any screenings ever after I left, but a friend of mine was working at ILM and she invited me to one of the screenings of the one the first prequel he made. And after I saw the movie, I went out and I sat in my car and I cried because I was so sad because of all the characters he could have gone, the stories he could have told. He could have told the young Luke Skywalker, how did the twins get separated? How did he get separated from his sister? He could have told, you know, so many stories were there. The young Obi-Wan, the young Harrison, Han. I mean, he had all these characters that he could have gone back in time and untold and yet he wanted to tell the story of of Anakin Skywalker who becomes Darth Vader. Only it doesn't make sense. And that the casting was so bad. The little the little boy looked like he was 6 years old and this woman that he's supposed to have a romance with or something, the princess looks like she's 20 years old. And I thought I just nothing worked for me. It didn't work. I didn't see human on human relationships. And there's a scene where the mother has to say goodbye to her son. >> So Anakin was nine. Padman was 14. But yeah, I mean Jake Lloyd did look really young. He looked like he was, you know, six. >> Man, would I have liked to have cut that scene. I mean, I would have edited the scene. I would have showed emotion on their faces and emotion on her face and emotion on the boy. Instead, the scene is just sorry, you have to leave for and there was no heart in the scene. The good she there's there was no heart in that scene where the mother has to say goodbye to her son. I mean, that's just an example of >> I could see her point if she like from a woman's perspective saying goodbye to her son, it's going to be a little bit different than a father saying goodbye to his son. So, it's like the way George shot that or edited that, I could see what she's talking about. I I don't like those movies very much. >> There's another there's a scene before that which to me, first of all, my opinion is identical to yours about the films. Um there there's a moment in the film right before that scene where they're all having dinner or lunch and and Anakin says to what's his name? >> You know, you know, why don't you free us? >> And uh what's his name? Gong Quinn. I forget >> who's this interviewer, bro. the name of the actor who plays him, Liam Niss. Yeah. >> Liam Niss, who is a Jedi Knight. >> Yeah. >> Literally responds to a eight-year-old boy. >> We're not here to free slaves. >> And I'm like, I remember sitting in the theater being like, >> well, I mean, that's totally justifiable that they're on their own mission. They can't get sidetracked to now start doing a side quest of like freeing slaves on some random planet that they crashed on. How many other planets would they have to go to then to do the same sort of thing? That just derails the story. And as Jedi, they are there to protect the queen. They're there to do their duty and their job. They weren't told by the council or by the Senate to get sidetracked and then save an entire, you know, kind what, like episode 9, where they start freeing all of the uh animals [laughter] or or was that episode 8? I don't know. Anyways, you see what I'm saying? It's like, yeah, maybe they could have gone back and done it, and they did. In the books and stuff like that, they tried to go back, but all of the slaves, all of it was owned by Huts, and for the Jedi to get involved in that would cause a very big war and issue with the crime syndicates, with the underworld and the Jedi. And then there would be probably terrorist attacks on Coruscant, on wherever, different worlds. for now this war that has been going on because Qui-Gon Jinn landed on a planet when he was supposed to take the queen back and eventually found this kid and then decided to free a whole bunch of a community of slave kids. It's like, well, that'd be nice, but that's not what he was told to do. >> You're a Jedi, aren't you all? >> Freeing slaves and doing like that, >> right? >> But anyway, so what like what do you think happened? Cuz like >> what do I think happened? I think I left. >> I do. And I think that George got so overwhelmed with his abilities, his his virtual abilities to do these special effects and create these computerenerated characters that I think he fell in love with computerenerated characters and his ability to generate by computer and not have to have human directors directing human beings. You >> I don't know. there were more models on the prequel trilogy than there were on the uh original trilogy. I don't know if she knows that. Uh she might, she might not. I don't know if she's watched all the behind the scenes or, you know, the making of and all that stuff, but maybe not. But I do agree that yeah, George, he did go crazy with with the VFX and that was what he wanted to do. In fact, he wanted to start with episode one, you know, but the technology wasn't there. And he also said that he didn't like starting a story um right at the beginning. He likes to throw you right in the middle of it, >> you know. I mean, that doesn't sometimes that doesn't even happen anymore. They put a character in a set, you know, and uh anyway, it's kind of weird what's happened in the virtual, you know, digital world. But I think he got cuz he had all that other stuff going on. He was still building more things at Skywalker. He was still he was still um um probably writing probably writing was my understanding from what I heard. Again, what I heard was that George had written a script for the a sequel script. >> Yes. >> And that Disney didn't like it and they put it in the toilet and brought in another writer and >> Yep. exactly what they did. And in fact, George was he was starting episode 7. A lot of people don't know this and I know this from insiders. He was starting episode 7. Like he had already gotten, you know, Carrie and Mark on board and all that stuff for episode 7. and his plan was to finish 7 and then sell it to Disney. But then he was told by Disney that they would do his episode 7. So he's like, "Okay, well cool. I'll just like be around and help them." They bought his treatments and they locked them away and then they never used them and they did their own junk. >> It's not fair. >> And he was never consulted whatsoever on any of the sequels, you know. But I think those prequels he was just playing more with visuals and and and computerenerated characters and the movies had a lot of eye candy. I do think if Marsha Lucas was had if they had worked on their relationship and they had made it work for however they could do that if they if it was possible or if she had stayed on Star Wars, I do think that she would have potentially been a little a whisper in his ear on certain things and brought out more of either the force or emotion or a different style and something maybe more akin to the original trilogy. know it would have landed better with some of the original trilogy fans. I mean, as a kid, I loved the prequels and uh even before it got popular again here, I was constantly pushing prequel trilogy, talking about the prequels, talking about Anakin. You guys might not remember, but back when 2016, 17, 18, 19, and 2020 up, actually up until 2021, I was getting made fun of a lot just online for having, you know, Anakin cardboard cut out behind me or talking about prequels all the time. and how Anakin was my favorite character and blah blah blah and then all of a sudden, you know, he started becoming popular again and now it's uh it's cool to like the prequels. But, you know, I think that if she was involved, then it would have been more palatable for some of the older guys that were watching Star Wars. >> Visual visual visual visual, but there's not any real human human on human stories that really work or move you or you care about. >> I liked the prequels. I didn't have an issue with them, but I can see what she's saying, especially as someone who worked on the originals and was that close to being, you know, George's wife, the things they've probably discussed while making episode 4, making, you know, that it was next level. Like, like no one will ever know that deep of Star Wars as she will next to George. So, I personally think that if anyone has any possible credibility when it comes to criticizing anything of the prequel trilogy or original trilogy, anything, it's going to be Marshall Lucas. It's totally unfortunate and I hope that a lot of people will start to see, especially like sequel trilogy Defenders and all that stuff. It's like, yeah, you might like it, but you have to also recognize that a lot of people, including George Lucas's ex-wife, who worked on Star Wars and edited it so that it would be what it is today. and what it was then also didn't like the sequel trilogy at all. I forget the interviewer. She didn't like it. I know for a fact George did not like the sequel trilogy. He's never going to come out and say that cuz George never comes out and says what he likes or what he didn't like, especially when it comes to, you know, something he signed off on a long time ago with Star Wars. So, you know, it'd be great if the the fandom that Disney has made now also respects some of the opinions of people who came before them. you know, some of the people who like the older stuff that George made and are hoping that Star Wars will return back to what it once was, which is George Lucas Star Wars. [music] >> Now fulfill your destiny. [music] >> [music]