When you look at the people I've covered on this series, you might be forgiven for thinking that crashing out and nuking your own career when you're at the peak of success is confined more to today's crop of spoiled narcissistic Hollywood actors with main character syndrome. But you would be wrong, dear viewer, for there was once a man in a time long before who blazed a trail of career self-destruction across the stars of Tinsel Town. A man so shrouded in self-imposed mystery that even he seemed to get confused about who he was. But one thing that wasn't mysterious were the controversies and disasters that took him from the heights of fame to direct a video L cow. From beating up fellow actors and stunt men to harassing women, clashes with directors, out of control egos and box office disasters. This particular crash and burn isn't just epic, it's legendary. I'm talking of course, about the great one, better known as Steven Seagal. A guy who claims to have worked with the CIA, to have helped overthrow the Sha of Iran, to be the greatest martial arts master that ever walked the face of the earth, and even a reincarnation of a previous Dalai Lama. Then again, he also claims to be an actor. His baffling rise to the very brink of A-list stardom was rivaled only by his spectacular fall in an explosion of ego, box office bombs, sexual harassment lawsuits, and arguably the world's least convincing hairpiece. So step into the drinker's dojo as we examine Crash and Burn, the Steven Seigal story. Now, because he's consistently lied, exaggerated, and misrepresented almost every aspect of his life, it's actually pretty difficult to speak about Sigal's early years because who even knows how much of it's true. What we do know for sure is that Steven Frederick Seagal was born in Lancing, Michigan in 1952. A frail sickly kind of kid, he was often picked on by others and struggled to make friends until the family moved to California when he was 5 years old. The change of climate apparently agreed with young Steven and he became more confident and outgoing. According to Seigal himself, he moved to Japan at the age of 22 and studied the art of Iikido from Mor Uisha, which is kind of interesting because Ushiba died 5 years earlier. >> I, uh, I, think, I, can, smell, shite. [laughter] What is known is that in 1974, Sigal met a Japanese woman named Mako Fujitani whose father had moved to California to teach Iikido. When it was time for Fujitani to return to Japan later in the year, the Great One accompanied her, and by the end of the year, they were married. If you were a cynical man, you could point out that marrying a Japanese national allowed him to avoid being drafted for the Vietnam War. But clearly, that's just nonsense. a walking weapon like Seagal would have relished the chance to go to war for his country. Anyway, however it came about, we do know that he eventually did study Iikido during his time in Japan, and by 1978 he'd earned his black belt. Not because he was particularly good, but because the judge just didn't give a [ __ ] Fujitani later stated that the only reason Steven was awarded the black belt was because the judge, who was famous for his laziness, fell asleep during Steven's presentation. the judge just gave him the black belt. During these heady days of the late 1970s, Sigal later claimed that he helped to train CIA operatives in unarmed combat and even personally fought against the Yakuza. Then again, Seigal's track record on honesty makes James Gun look like George Washington. >> Yes,, I, can, definitely, smell, shite. [laughter] >> Anyway,, by, the, early, 80s,, it, was becoming clear that Japan just wasn't enough for the great one. He had aspirations to become a movie star. So according to his wife, they spent the next couple of years saving up enough money to fly the family back to America only for Sigal to take the cash and run leaving Fujitani and his three kids behind. I mean, they would have just held him back from his destiny, I guess. He eventually settled in West Hollywood where he opened an iikido dojo and tried to break into the film business literally in some cases. One of his first gigs was fight coordinator on the unofficial James Bond movie Never Say Never Again, which honestly deserves a production hell video all of its own but let's just try and stay on topic here. A 53-year-old Shan Connory was making an ill-advised comeback as Bond after a 10-year hiatus, mostly for a big paycheck, but whatever. Seigal's job was to teach him some basic fight moves, but the two men took an immediate dislike to each other. And when Connory insulted Sigal, the man himself responded by accidentally breaking Connory's wrist during a sparring session. Too proud to admit he'd been [ __ ] over, Connory worked through the injury and didn't get it properly addressed until a decade later. Despite ridiculous [ __ ] like this, Sigal was still working, but mostly behind the camera. What he really needed was a starring role that would help sell him to the world. And that opportunity finally came courtesy of Hollywood agent Michael Oitz, who trained at Seigal's dojo and was somehow convinced that the guy had leading man potential. >> That, doesn't, make, sense. >> What, can, I, say?, Cocaine's, a, hell, of, a drug. A screen test where he demonstrated his uh fighting skills with a bunch of very accommodating stuntmen was enough to convince Warner Brothers to sign him on for his first feature film, the low-budget action thriller Above the Law. Nobody really expected anything from it, but the film was a surprise hit and went on to make $19 million. The studio were pleased enough to greenlight some more Seigal movies and within a few years, he'd turned out a bunch of action thrillers like Hard to Kill, Mark for Death, and Out for Justice. Yeah, they were all basically the same movie, and Seagal was basically playing the same softspoken, invincible badass in every one of them. But if it ain't broke, don't fix it, I guess. These days, it's hard to believe that this gangly, balding, not particularly talented actor was once seen as the next big thing. But whether it was intentional or just dumb luck, Sigal had come along at just the right time to break into the movie industry. After all the excesses of the past decade, the big 1980s musclemen were going out of fashion, and studios were looking for a new crop of action stars who could do more than just lumber around firing a machine gun. Sigal, quiet and mysterious and brooden with a tough guy persona and able to do martial arts sort of seemed like the perfect replacement. By 1992 it was time for him to move up to the big leagues with his first big budget action movie. Under siege, cashing in on the diehard craze with a story about a lone wolf who has to stop a group of terrorists from taking control of a navy battleship was the biggest hit of his entire career, getting solid reviews and bringing in $150 million worldwides. Somehow, Sigal was well and truly riding high, the toast of the town, the next big action star who was going to lead the industry into the '90s, just like Stallone and Schwarzenegger had dominated the 80s. And well, it was all starting to go to his head a bit. The first hint of trouble began in 1991 with his disastrous hosting gig on Saturday Night Live. Not only was he about as funny as an Amy Schumer gig, but he managed to piss off just about the entire cast and writing staff, acted like a complete douche during rehearsals, refused to film entire skits because they made him look bad, and even got himself banned from ever hosting again. Producer Lauren Michaels later called it the worst episode ever, and to this day, it's been mostly removed from streaming services and reruns. I guess Saturday Night Live just wasn't ready for the power of the Great One. Either way, Sigal didn't care much. He was a movie star now and his career was taking off big time. All he needed now was a second hit to cement his success. And well, this is where it all started to go wrong. See, the Great One wasn't content to just act in front of the camera. He wanted to control things behind it as well. His ego was running rampant. He was convinced he could do no wrong. And somehow he was able to convince the studio, too. Before you could say this might be a bad idea, they'd agree to let him star and direct his next big project on deadly grounds. Now, on paper, it seemed like another hit movie following the classic Sigal Template. An ex something or other now working as a firefighter who has to wage a one-man war against an evil oil company to stop them from polluting the Alaskan wilderness. And he does this by blowing up massive amounts of highly volatile drilling equipment in the process. Now you might think that putting an egoomaniac actor with no directing experience in charge of a multi-million dollar action blockbuster would be a bad idea, and you'd be right. Seal had always had a reputation for being difficult to work with. But until now he'd been smart enough to rein his ego in out of sheer necessity. Not anymore however. The shoot was apparently a complete nightmare. Seigal clashed constantly with the crew and his fellow actors. Rewrote entire scenes on the fly to make himself look better and even brought in a very confused Native American shaman to bless every shooting day. All of this [ __ ] added up to major delays and skyrocketing budgets. And things only got worse when the film actually released. It was savaged by critics and bombed at the box office bringing in less than $80 million against a 50 million budget. It was the first major failure of Sigal's career and a huge blow to his ego and prestige. Suddenly, he wasn't the runaway box office success he'd been painted as, and his dreams of directing and starring in big budget passion projects went up in smoke. He would never again direct a movie in any capacity. >> Oh, no,, what, happened? >> Instead,, he, retreated, to, safer, territory with his next movie, Under Siege 2 hoping to win back the momentum with a sequel to his biggest hit. It didn't really work, though. The film turned a modest profit, but nothing like the first movie, and the critical reaction was mixed at best. Sigal's career seemed to be running out of gas just as it was poised to lift off. This was all bad enough, but problems were brewing outside the film sets as well. See Sigal had always had, how can I put this, a bit of an eye for the ladies whether they were interested or not. Back in 1991, three different women accused him of making unwanted advances. And not long after, four more actresses accused him of misconduct, usually in the form of late night casting sessions. Sigal's typical solution was to throw money at the problem and settle out of court. But by the mid90s, the accusations were becoming higher profile and more difficult to sweep under the rug. Honestly, the list of cases against him would take up a whole video all by itself. But suffice to say, old Stevie boy was making a name for himself in Hollywoods, and it wasn't a good one. His tough guy persona was also taking a few hits. He already had a reputation for working stiff with stunt men hitting them for real, treating them with absolutely no respect, and leaving many with serious injuries. All this stuff culminated in a showdown with stunt coordinator Gene Leel on the set of Out for Justice, where Seigal challenged the guy to put him in a chokeold, believing that he could easily escape. Now, what exactly happens next depends on who you talk to. Seigal's bodyguard claims that Seigal elbowed Label before he could lock the hold in and the two of them ended up wrestling on the ground before the fight got broken up. Other sources, however claimed that Sigal was choked unconscious and quite literally [ __ ] himself right there on the mat. I'll let you decide what really happened. [laughter] He was rubbing a lot of his fellow actors the wrong way as well. For years he'd been talking [ __ ] about his biggest rival, JeanClaude Vanam, who was a legit karate champion and had risen to fame around the same time as him. All of this came to a head when a very drunk and very angry Vanam cornered Sigal at a showbiz party and challenged him to a legit fight. And just like the hero he was, the great one made some quick excuses and left the party. By the late '9s, Sigal's career was stalling out. Once seen as lean, athletic, mysterious and cool, he was now practically a parody of himself. Overweight middle-aged, and lethargic, playing the same tired characters in every movie with zero enthusiasm or imagination. Action thrillers like The Glimmer Man and Fire Down Below bombed hard at the box office. And with harassment lawsuits raining down like confetti, Warner Brothers saw the writing on the wall and took the opportunity to ditch him. From then on, Sigal would settle into the direct video market and never really leave it. But the insanity didn't end there, dear viewer. Oh no. See, Steven might not have been involved with the CIA, but he definitely was involved with the mob. After falling out with longtime collaborator Julius Nassau, the guy enlisted the [ __ ] Gambino crime family to hunt Seigal down and extort him for money. And these guys do not [ __ ] around. At one point, they showed up on the set of Exit Wounds, his latest movie. Forced to gall into a car and drove into a meeting with one of the heads of the family, where he was given a simple choice. Make more films with Nassau or pay 150 grand for every film he didn't make without him. Rather than go to the police with all of this, Seal enlisted the help of a rival crime family for protection. [laughter] Really, it's almost like he had some dodgy dealings of his own that he wanted to cover up. Luckily for him though, Nassau and his mobster buddies were eventually indicted for extortion, racketeering and about a hundred other felonies. All of them ending up in prison. Seigal even had the balls to testify against them in court. So where exactly is the great one these days? Well, with his Hollywood career going downhill, Sigal made the bold move of cozying up to Vladimir Putin in the mid2010s and ended up becoming a Russian citizen. Sure. Okay. As of 2019, he was still churning out low-budget director to streaming action movies, still clinging to the belief that a morbidly obese man in his mid60s who can barely even fight standing up could still believably play elite special forces operatives, SWAT leaders and DEA agents, still acting like it's the early 90s, and he's an exciting upand cominging action star. Truly, he became the L cow to end all law cows. A joke to everyone else in the world except himself. Steven Seagal's Crash and Burn might not be one of the quickest or the most spectacular in Hollywood history, but it is probably one of the most fascinating career implosions I've ever seen. A man who was so in love with his own legend, so captivated by his own ego, so caught up in fame and success that he ended up losing everything. Well, everything except those notches on his belt. Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.