This feels like Groundhog Day. Every day I wake up, it's just like it's time for another Starfleet Academy review. It's getting that bad. This week, we're meant to be dealing with the uh gay clling on to discover why he loves bird watching instead of fighting. And after last week's episode where five characters came out as lugabove, I can only dream of what's in store for us today. Hi everyone, it's AZ here from Heel Versus Babyface. Is that time of the week again or that time of the month for me? I'm not too sure. For all I know is when I finish these things, I'm bleeding out of different orififices and I'm normally very angry. But that's just by the by. Let's get into episode 4 of Starfleet Academy. We start off with Holly Hunter. I I know that's her. It might be difficult to recognize her without a feet shoved right down your throat giving a Chancellor's address aka Captain's Log Athena, okay, is in its third official day of of whatever these absolute window lickers are going to get into trouble for this week. She waffles on pretentiously about a nebula outside going, "Oh my goodness me, I'm struck by its ore. Imagine all of those atoms having to come together to make this. This used to be a star. Waffle waffle blah blah." Then she starts talking about this reminds me of my cadets and what choices and life experience brought them here. And and I'm just like, hold on, sweetheart. This isn't the Avengers Initiative, you know. This isn't superheroes that have been out there in the world for a decade or so. And I'm, hey guys, I'm putting a team together. No, no. This is Starfleet Academy. This is this is meant to be for people around 16 to 20s, you know, around about there. They don't have much life experience. Now, I know Caleb's been a criminal nicking [ __ ] for years, but like the hologram is is what, 4 months old, and it was programmed to be a [ __ ] which in itself seems absolutely stupid. And then the others are meant to be like 16, 17, 18 year olds. So, what what real experience have they had apart from going to school and and playing with their space dolls? So, let's just, you know, get back in your box, turn it down a couple of notches. This is about shaping the minds of tomorrow, shaping these kids to become the leaders of Starfleet, which they'll never do because they're all [ __ ] [ __ ] The emergency medical hologram who says, "I'm no mentor, who is a teacher." Erggo, a mentor who was a mentor for seven of nine in Voyager, is now giving uh Admiral Sati speech from the drum head my favorite episode of Star Trek the Next Generation. So, as you can probably gather, I'm already boiling on the inside my blood. And I'm just thinking you are so you have nothing. You are so desperate to call upon previous Trek because you know you cannot create new TRE because you know what this show stands for isn't Star Trek at all. So if you say a few things from the other shows, if you show a reference or a name from the other shows that Star Trek, right? Wrong. Star Trek was about the evolution of each show. Next Generation was its own individual thing. DS9 became its own original thing. Voyager started off with a good premise and then floundered massively and and lost it completely. And Enterprise again tried to be its own unique thing. One thing Curtsman Tre can't be is its own thing. Because Curtsman number one steals everything from much better shows, franchises, etc. and number two realizes that Star Trek has no identity under his regime because all he wants to waffle on about is his current day issues, which makes all of his shows exceedingly dated and they will never ever possess the longevity that the original series, Next Generation, DS9, etc. will always have. Now, this of course, ironically, is about the censoring of speech and how when that starts to happen, it chains us all and it damages us all. Given by a group of far-left weirdos who call for censorship, call for deplatforming, cheer, violence, and murder at every given opportunity. Don't worry, the irony isn't lost at all. Anyway, the reason why he gives this speech is because it's about the Starfleet debate, which is going to happen. And he says, "It's not for the chicken shit." Quote. And so this kid who's wearing glasses who shouldn't be wearing glasses, but nobody involved in Star Trek that has Alex Girtzman involved knows anything about it whatsoever, so don't worry about it. Says, "Are you allowed to say that kind of language?" And he's actually correct because it is very unprofessional to say that. But we're dealing with very unprofessional teachers. You know, it's like they're having all of them at the same time having a perpetual midlife crisis where they just want to be the kids instead of the adults in the room. Maybe that's why so many things going wrong all the time. And of course, Robert Picardo responds, the EMH responds by saying, "I've been around longer than you, and so I can do what I like." So, we are dealing with uh Arrested Development here. Gotcha. Uh good news, everybody. Coffee arrived. My throat might need a skin. No, my It's okay. It's fine. It's fine. I like hot drinks. So So Jay Den, hi. My name's Jay Den. I'm like a really soft-hearted like Cllingon and stuff. So Jay Den, you'll never believe this, is a limp wristed. Anyway, so uh he's just like, "Oh, I don't like uh public speaking. It makes me nervous because I'm a little bitch." And Caleb is just like, "Yo, dude, my brother, haven't you got game?" Because it's yo 2025 in the house. There's not nearly enough coffee in the world that can save me from this. Yes, they're using more current day language because they are unintelligent enough to create their own 34th century or whatever they are in now language. You got game, bro. Yo, bro. Now, Bully Boy says something to the gay Cllingon which makes uh Robert Picardo put the whole class against him in a debate. So, they're all lined up to debate Bully Boy. If they say the right things, they advance. And I cannot believe what Caleb just says now. I I mean, I absolutely 100% agree with him. But again, I think today's theme is irony because Caleb says "Amateurs debate with emotions instead of facts." You are indeed correct, sir. But we are dealing with a show where almost every decision seems to be motivated by emotions because there's no logic anymore. or there is only feelings. Feelings in space. Everybody crying all the time because they're emotionally [ __ ] Captains not acting like captains. I'm acting way too emotionally. There's no chain of command anymore because emotions have got the better of everybody. This is a [ __ ] Vulcan's nightmare this era. And yet you want to say that, you know, amateurs use emotions to motivate debate instead of facts. And then he goes, "Correct or or or enson me, whatever he is, Cadet Mia advance." Wow. It's a shame none of you took your own freaking advice now, isn't it? So, Bully Boy's knocked out. So then little princess has to step up to debate uh Caleb. Caleb destroys her as well. So she gets kicked off. And then [ __ ] hologram steps up and goes and is immediately dismissed because retards in space. So, Caleb beats person after person after person, and then it's time for Jayen. Oh my god. Jayden steps up and his hearts are pumping away and he's sweating because this Cllingon has social anxiety because he's defective in multiple ways and techniques. So, we get a we get a closeup of of Jayen. Oh my god. And then it cuts uh to another room and it's just Jaden and Caleb. I guess they're on a date or something. I don't know. And I don't know which room they're in because they all look the same. None of them have a personality cuz this whole thing's just homogenized dog [ __ ] No. So these commies will love that. And Caleb is holding a slice of pepperoni pizza. And Jayen, oh my god, is pouring his heart out cuz feelings. Feelings. Nothing but space feelings. You know, everybody's got a [ __ ] Oh my god, I've got such a poor backstory. Oh, wo is [ __ ] me. Why can't we just have the confident person that's just like, do you know what? I've worked hard all my life and I've done well and I've had a great family and I've I've come from a stable background and I'm here to SHOW YOU WANKERS WHAT true leadership's about. But we can't have that. And because this is current [ __ ] day, Caleb says to Jayen, "Oh my god." He says, "Do you want to eat your feelings?" It's not one of you, not one of the writers in the writer room just said, "Hey, do you know what? Maybe we should stop using all this current day wank language which is going to date the show dramatically and then I know cuz somebody would just go look it doesn't matter because what we insert in the show dates it immediately anyway so there'll be no relevance for any of this Curtsman trek in the future it will never be looked upon it will never be regarded as eat your feelings JADEN OH MY GOD. So this honolless clling on won't eat the pepperoni on the pizza. And so Caleb says, "Ah, I also replicated some Cllingon food." And Jayen, oh my god, says that this is a warrior stew and can only be eaten by warriors. And he says, "I was brought up by my father's." Uhoh. fathers and mother and they taught me better. HONOLULUS CLING ON SCUM. Honolulus cling on scum. Apologies for the lens flare. As you know, it's all over this piece of crap. Uh but I guess the two fathers, one mother is some sort of cling on uh polycule crud, which you know kind of part of the course with these degenerates. Uh and also explains why he's an honolous curr. This of course is all about the deconstruction of the Klingon race cuz the Klingons are a patriarchal society. They are a warrior society based on honor. And of course, they can't have a warrior and honor together. They can't have violence and honor together. So, they've turned it into a two dads, one woman policy, which is more matriarchal in nature, which explains why, you know, he's turned out the way he's turned out. And also it's to deascula uh emasculate that's the word I'm looking for the the Klingons who are a you know a very much a masculine uh race of people and and Jaden uh doesn't have a single drop of testosterone in his body. In their eyes, they are fixing, you know, that they are fixing the Cllingon race to become more like uh the current day far-left weirdo freaks. Uh whereas instead of having the intelligence to write an aggressive Cllingon and put him in the middle of these cadetses, which within itself could cause natural conflict, butting of cultures, and potentially lead to some good storytelling. But this isn't about good storytelling cuz this is Alex Curtsman's Starfleet Academy. It's about dog [ __ ] feelings in space. Jayen, oh my god. Then gets called into uh Footsie McDoodles [ __ ] place. And she tells him that we've got reports that a Cllingon ship carrying refugees, eight houses or so, might have been carrying your molecule of degeneracy. uh has suffered catastrophic technical failure, but we don't know if they're alive or dead. That's all we got. That's all the news that the Klingons uh shared with us. Uh so he has a quick flashback to his his gay dads and uh the polycule mom uh all going in the woods where they're probably bird watching together. I don't care because Jayen, oh my god, is not a character. We we haven't seen anything particularly of him in the past three episodes and everything that we see of him is the antithesis of a Cllingon. So, as a Star Trek fan is actually pretty revolting. Then it goes over the Tanoi, which is very difficult to hear because the background music just swamps [ __ ] everything. The ship that crashed housed the last eight remaining houses of the Klingon Empire. This is a species, it says on the verge of extinction. So I'm wondering to myself, how many people is eight houses? And and how many people were on that ship? I mean, the Galaxy class could house a little over a thousand people. So, is there only about let's say a thousand if it if it was on par with that? A thousand Klingons left. So, they've crashed. They've lost more people. Oh dear. And then I'm thinking to myself, oh, and the writers decided to make Jen gay. So, do you know what he's not going to be doing? Continuing the cling online. That's what he's not going to be doing. Oh well. See you. You're the only Cllingon cadet that we have. So, if you'd like to take some time off. Oh, no, says Jayen. Oh my god. I I'm good. I hate my species. I hate my race. I'm good. Yo, yo, I'm going to just go eat my feelings or uh see if I've got some game or some other current day phrase, I guess. So, then we go to a flashback scene where Jayen, oh my god, is out with his brother. He refers to him as brother. Brother, you were meant to teach me how to hunt today. But just earlier when he was speaking to Caleb, he referred to them as my father's and mother. So, can't they even get their family straight? I mean, they couldn't get Jayen straight. HEY, that that was all so I could do that gag. So, one of the dads, I don't know, one of the dads comes back and has made a bow for his brother and he says, "Jayen, oh my god, I will make one of these for you when you become a warrior." And uh all I could think of was this. >> I'm gay. >> So, this family has five of them. two dads, one mom, and two sons. So, I don't even want to begin to think about the ramifications of that one. And so, his brother uh realizes that uh this guy's going to never be a warrior. Takes him into the woods. uh should have put uh two in the chest, one in the pter, but he decides instead to give him a beacon from Starfleet, which has the EMH going, "We are recruiting for Starfleet Academy after 120 years of being an isolationist world. We've decided to open our doors again to any old retards." Now, this of course gives the show a great reason for everybody to just be emotional cuz that's all this is, emotions in space. But I did find this next bit actually rather interesting. You see, the hologram goes up to Jayen. Oh my god. and she says, "If there's anything that I can do," and I was thinking to myself, as I do when I do these reviews, why? You are [ __ ] [ __ ] You are a hologram that showers. You're a hologram that fails to breathe underwater. You're a hologram that realizes you can't be harmed and yet screams whenever you come up against anything. You're a hologram that thinks debating is looking at another person and going and you think you can [ __ ] help with what you can't even help yourself. Oh, you can tell this is just current day [ __ ] [ __ ] when the EMH is talking about this is how we're going to prepare for the debate. This is we're gonna have that and that then we're going to have the cross- examinations and then that lasts there. This lasts here. It's like he's like, "Yes, cadet." And she's like, "OH MY GOD, I'M from current [ __ ] day." Like, "Oh my god, um, isn't it like inappropriate and stuff and things to be debating when like the Cllingons are like, oh my god, in trouble and stuff. I don't think I can emotionally like handle it and things. Give me a phaser. That No, no, no, no. Give Yeah, give me a phaser. GIVE ME TWO PHASES. LET LET ME JUST I I am amazed that there hasn't been uh an academy incident, shall we say? Uh so far, uh I would make that happen, though. I would uh maybe maybe a a photon rifle. Oh god, I could do I could do a lot of damage real quick. Oh, so uh Jayen, oh my god, decides to pull rank on the teacher and say, "Yes, this is what we should be debating. If it's not going to happen here, it's happening out there, so we might as well make it the theme of the debate." And of course, the doctor capitulates because there is no chain of command. There is no structure. There is no respect because this isn't Starfleet Academy. This is Starfleet Circus. But this is also one of those great hypocritical moments where we're meant to feel sorry. I I I think this is what the show empathy. I think that's what the show's meant. We should be having empathy for the gay Cllingon because his people are on the verge of extinction. But why should we why should we have any sympathy or empathy or what the ever for this guy? This guy turned his back on his people. This guy isn't going to help the Cllingon race procreate. This guy doesn't care. So why if we're going to have any sympathy, it's it's for the remaining few that want the Klingon Empire to continue. But not this guy. You're you're you're a fake, mate. You're a fake. Your preparation better be faultless, says the EMH. We don't want to compound tragedy with ignorance. Oh, sir. Sir, the absolute lack of selfawareness here from the writers is imagine that this has been written by Curtsman and his ilk. the same sort of people that run around calling anyone that has a differing opinion to them a Nazi, a racist, a homophobe, a sexist, a blah blah blah blah blah because they purposely don't go into the nuance of why they might vote a certain way or why they might have a difference of opinion in certain matters. Oh my Oh, you can't you can't hate these people enough. You really can't. Oded Feder turns up to speak to Footfetish Mc Twinkletoes uh and says, "Wow, the lens flare in this show is really [ __ ] obnoxious." And uh she says, "Yeah, do you want to see my feet?" He says, "No, I'm good, thanks. But what I do have is there is a world in Federation space which matches uh Cronis. I mean, they should have known about this a long long time anyway. And uh the Klingons, they won't accept it because they don't want to take uh charity, but you know, this specific diplomat and he could be open to negotiations. And then uh Footfetish McGro says, "Uh yeah, but we can't let anyone know that he's going to I'm going to have talks with him because it would bring dishonor upon his family." And I really wish O deadad said, "Well, who cares?" Cuz cuz that that little mincer back there, he don't, does he? WHY? Why not make it too two dishonorable? Anyway, also it doesn't make any sense. Why would the Klingons refuse to accept a world from the Federation when they themselves are currently quote going from refugee camp to refugee camp? It it doesn't make a lick of sense, but that I mean that's Curtsman Trek for a start. Also, this is just a rehashing of the Romulan story. This is a rehashing of the Vulcan story which they've already told in Curts. They have nothing original here. Oh, look. The the uh Romulons are on the verge of extinction due to their planet just suddenly blowing up cuz their sun goes so supernova out of nowhere. Oh, look, the Vulcans. The planet's been destroyed. Uh, we've got to get old man Spock boning again to try and procreate to keep the Vulcan species alive. Oh, look. The Cllingon species is on the edge of extin. HAVEN'T YOU GOT ANY [ __ ] original ideas left? No. That's why Curtsman steals everything. He brain dead. He'd be like, "Oh, our platform for Black Lives Matter." Okay. Uh, Trump, build wall. Wall bad. Pull down wall, please, so we can come in and take all your [ __ ] Thank you. He's literally a drooling vegetable. So, the little princess and Caleb are walking up the stairs and they bump into Jayen. Oh my god. And they say to him, "Look, we're working together to construct our debate and we want to know if you want to join us." And Jayen, oh my god, says, "Who else is teaming up?" And they say, "No one, but these are special circumstances." So Jayen, oh my god, says, "You don't think that I can do this? You think I'm weak?" Blah, blah, blah. And little princess then has to put down Caleb because uh the women have to drag the men down to their level which is you know pretty much rock bottom. And she says he may be an ass but he's our best debater. Now, of course, the debate is around the survival of the Klingon species in essence uh and whose fault it was that all their energy sources were, you know, fueled by dithium, which is what caused Kronos to to explode, blah blah blah. And Caleb at this moment decides to say, "Yeah, the best masturbator This is this is why a show like Starfleet Academy will always be dog [ __ ] And it is written by Gaia Viola who is the creator of the show and the person from Lower Decks Lower Dregs which was embarrassing garbage because this is one of these episodes where thematically it's got a heavy theme. You've got the potential extinction of a whole race and you have one of that race who's never going to procreate cuz they're gay at the academy and the students are going to debate whether or not in essence it was the Klingon's own fault that they're in the predicament that they're in. But you got to try and undercut this with your garbage purile childish [ __ ] humor of I'm I'm a [ __ ] I'm a masturbator. Do you think in measure of a man? Do you think if Riker was making a bunch of masturbatory jokes, the episode would have hit as hard as it hit? You know, all right, Commander Data, I hear that you're fully functional. Yeah. Does that MEAN YOU GET A AH, DID YOU SPUZZ YOUR load all over Tasha's titties? And that, of course, was a an episode that involved a debate. Of course not. This is an episode where there shouldn't be any humor because of the theme. This is an episode where you should be taking things seriously, where the stakes should be high and the characters should be taken as legitimate people. But when you keep turning them into clowns because this is the Starfleet circus, none of it none of it sits at all. OH, WHY TAKE any of this seriously when it's all just a [ __ ] joke? And it's not a moment of levity breaking up something serious in the slightest. It's just pathetic. But that's where we are. So Jayen god storms off to go back to his room so he can sit on the window sill and look at the nebula pouting as he thinks back and thinks back to his brother trying to trade for Federation medical technology to give to Jayen because he knows that he ain't no warrior, you know, he's only going to embarrass himself. Uh, and he gets betrayed and stabbed with a poison dagger and dies. So, this house has now gone down to four people. The two dads, the mom and Jaden. Uh, so that's the end of this house. This house is now dead cuz Jaden ain't producing any more offspring. All right. And uh the brother says to Jaden before he dies, "Don't don't try and better yourself, okay? Just stay the absolute wet fish that you are today. Don't try and be a cling on. Don't try and be a warrior. Uh you ain't got it, mate." But I say that with love, you know. Uh just be true to yourself. Oh no. The cling ambassador's white. Is he gonna turn out to be a bad guy? It wouldn't surprise me. Oh, no. It's even worse. He's been [ __ ] Holly Hunter in the past. You can tell. Oh, I tell you what, there is a mystery to this show which I've I've yet to find an answer to, and that is why does anyone even like this cow? She's horrible. But I mean that's another thing for another time. Just the image of this Cllingon [ __ ] is doing my eding. We cannot accept charity, says the ambassador. We can only accept conquest. And Holly Hunter's reply is then you'll make an orphan of my cadet. Well, he's orphaned himself, if you know what I mean. You know, you know what I mean? You know, because that house, it ain't it ain't doing the do. Yeah. There's no no little little cling on road little feet tapping around unless Kyle's got some special built-in male womb uh in the 34th century, which right now I'm not ruling out because it is Starfleet Academy. If his family is still alive, then there's a chance to save them. Well, they are the most redundant of the houses because now all that is left is Jaden. He ain't doing nothing. And the one mother and two fathers. Oh, just saying that makes me just [ __ ] roll my eyes to the back of my head. And of the age that she is, I don't think any more children are being produced. So those three Klingons probably in the eyes of the Klingon Empire are pretty much surplus to requirements. Now Caleb walks in on Jayen. Oh my god. Going through his notes and his notes are cuz he reads them out loud. My opponent has debated that. How the [ __ ] do you know? You don't know what they've debated. You don't know what points they've just brought up. You're constructing your own argument, whatever it's going to be, whether it's going to be pro the Cllingon Empire or or against the Klingon Empire based on their decisions. You don't know what they've said. So why would you be doing something based upon a response that you know the writing is so [ __ ] [ __ ] you can tell that they never had to do any debating in their life. Maybe some masturbating. Hey, look. I did your [ __ ] joke back on you stupid writers. So, uh, Gayen, uh, it just shows what a horrible person he is. Caleb tries to find some common ground. Hey, look, we both came to Starfleet Academy with nothing. We both have no one here. And he's like, we are not the same. And and Caleb says like, I know, I know. Look, he says, "I don't even have anyone. You at least you have some people." And that's where uh Gayen decides to to really stick the knife and he's LIKE, "YES, YOU DON'T HAVE ANYBODY." WELL, HE HE DOES. I mean, his mom's out there playing She-Hulk, but since the first episode, uh, we've decided that nobody gives a [ __ ] about his mom anymore. Anyway, that's another thing for another time. Uh, and he says, "And I do, so [ __ ] off." Like, way to way to be a massive [ __ ] Yeah, you've got nobody, so so you're okay. You But I actually do have people, even though I've turned my back on them, even though I'm never going to add or contribute to their society. The ambassador says he'll look into whether or not Jayen, oh my god, family is still alive. Uh but as regards to the planet, it's uh Nedi no. And uh she's like, "Is that it?" And he actually says a really good line, which I appreciate. And he says, "After hundreds of years, you're still surprised when you don't get your own way." And I'm like, "Yeah, yeah, this this is uh a [ __ ] obnoxious bent that always thinks that she should get her own way." So uh well done, mate. You always turn everything into a fight. I'm a Cllingon. That's what we do. Unlike that honolous pt in the academy. Uh if you've got this far in a video because we are, you know, over 30 minutes or so now. Uh I'd just like to play a little game with the people who are remaining. Uh in the comments section, uh I want you to put down what you think the messaging of this video is. I'm going to relay some stuff to you and you see what you think. Uh because this is an episode about turning your back on your heritage, turning your back on your people, turning your back on your family, turning your back on masculinity so that you can selfishly do your own thing. Just going to leave that with you to play with because that is the message in this whole episode from Jen. This is getting quite uncomfortable to watch. So, Bully Boy gets him doing this breathing technique for the warriors on his home world. Notice he said warriors. And uh and so Jayen, oh my god, just get straight into it. And I'm thinking, so you'll easily in a drop of a hat turn your back on your people, your people's way of life, all of that kind of jazz, but you'll embrace this guy's way of living immediately. Without question, without resistance. Comeie [ __ ] Come bollocks. Sorry, I got a bit of a uh commie in my throat. GETTING REAL UNCOMFORTABLE NOW. OH, and by the way, he gets him to recite his speech and he's like, "Honorable people, MY OPPONENT HAS ARGUED. YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT YOUR [ __ ] OPPONENT HAS ARGUED, [ __ ] USELESS [ __ ] CLING ON WANKER. And then he uh he breaks away and they're both sad cuz uh now they've got erections that they don't know what to do with, I guess. So, we now have the debate section and this is where things just don't make any sense from the episode. You see Jayen. Oh my god. debates that the Klingons have the right to be Cllingon and define themselves as Klingon. Well, the definition of what a Cllingon is is very specific and you yourself turned your back on it. So, you are debating that the Klingons have every right to be the way that they are, but but you don't hold that belief. So you being a hypocrite again, you're using the true Klingon way to try and push your debate. You don't hold that belief. You don't believe in that way of life. You've turned your back on that way of life. You claim that there's enough Klingons in the quadrant to get by. There isn't. There's eight houses left and your house is [ __ ] dead. So, there's seven houses left. Your house had five people at peak. How many does the rest of those seven houses have? Thousands, hundreds tens ones. This is a nonsensical argument that he's bringing here. Thank I'm actually quite happy here because thankfully the show has recognized the absolute and utter hypocrisy of Jan and Caleb says, "Well, you turned your back on them. You turned your back on the way of living. You've come over here to Starfleet. We [ __ ] feed you. We clothe you. We put you in a [ __ ] bed." OH, BUT I STILL DO IT AS A CLING ON. WELL, YOU DON'T. You're a Cllingon in name only because you've turned your back on everything recognizable from a Cllingon. So, Caleb is in the right here. You're in the wrong. But I'm sure later in the episode, uh, it will be no, you were right all along and I was wrong. But we'll we'll see. We'll see. But right now, Caleb giving that little mincer some home truths that he can't deal with. Little baby. Uh, so the half genada had as I like to call them femdom Hadada Kling on decides to try and tell the Klingon about being a Cllingon. It does my head in. And uh, of course, we're back to using more modernday modernity language. Uh, she says, "I didn't want to f this up." Um, spoiler alert. Your whole show's [ __ ] up. Okay. I dishonor both worlds, the Cllingon and Starfleet. Great to know we're on the same page at last, cuz you do. You dishonor your Cllingon heritage and you dishonor Starfleet as well by simply existing. Sir Jen, oh my god, tells Fem Hadada that when he went out for the hunt with his father, which we saw earlier, and his father wanted him to shoot down an eagle with a bow and arrow to become a warrior, and he refused to do so, and said, "I I I still honor you." He's a And so the father grabbed the bow and arrow and and was so angry when he tried to shoot the eagle that he missed. So they got so pissed off with the fact that he had turned his back turned his back on the cling on way of life that they got in their ship and [ __ ] left him to bird watch. Does that not tell you about Klingons and the Klingon way and how you have turned your back on the Klingon way? You are not a diverse Klingon like the wanker who plays Jay Den said on the red carpet, "Yeah, the Klingons are very diverse." No, they're not. They're warriors. They're a warrior race. And this is what happens when you turn your back on them. You are no longer one of them. You made your choice. Deal with the consequences of that. That's what this character can't handle. This episode has shown all the way through that Jay Den, oh my god, is not in any capacity in the right. here. He gives a big speechy mouthy, but he's full of [ __ ] And he's so full of [ __ ] that he refuses to live with the consequences of his actions, which were so bad that your polycle [ __ ] Klingon family left you. That's like being abandoned by a family from [ __ ] Portland. Deal with it. There are only a few things I know to be true, she says. Then why you're a [ __ ] teacher, you? So, despite everything we've just seen, she comes out with the most nonsensical gobbledygook. But what does she know? She's only half [ __ ] Klingon. She says, "A Klingon doesn't miss out of rage. Rage actually makes the kill more satisfying. He missed because he recognized the superior person who was you. And the only way that he could honor the hunt was to miss to give you the victory to set you free. [ __ ] OFF. OH, I knew they would try and turn this around. Don't believe your lying eyes. Don't believe what you know about the Klingons. We're just going to make some [ __ ] dog [ __ ] up and THEREFORE VALIDATE JAY DAN. OH MY GOD. OH, THIS SHOW IS GOD DAMN IT. I HATE IT. IF THIS WAS actually Star Trek, which it isn't. It's feal matter that's projectile diarrheaing out of Alex Curtsman's vagina. Then what would have happened is exactly what we saw happening. He I'm not going to call him Jaden anymore because it's the stupidest [ __ ] name for a Cllingon. Turned his back on the Cllingon way of life and so his family turned his back on him. And now he has the consequences of that and to deal with that which would have given him much more character other than giving googly eyes to bully boy and Kyle because they're going to get into their gay polycure relationship or whatever this [ __ ] show's leading towards and actually give them some gravitas which is what's missing from the show. Anybody that has a [ __ ] spine. Your father saw you as a Cllingon warrior whose passion for death was only superseded for HIS PASSION FOR LIFE. THAT'S NOT A [ __ ] CLLINGON. YOU DUMB, stupid bent. I hate this show. This show is now making [ __ ] up simply to fit its own narrative. Again, that kind of fits perfectly for Curtsman Dre, but it it shows how garbage you are as writers that you literally have to take a species, break it so that you can fit it into the way that you want it to exist as, and it doesn't make a lick of sense. And is the character better for it? No, the character's weaker for it because you had to break it to try and make that character be like, "Oh my god, look at them. They're so great, relatable. Oh, you are a warrior after all." He's not. He's not a warrior at all. He's a dishonorable piece of [ __ ] And the Klingons would reject him like we saw. But don't believe your lying eyes. Listen to the stupid half Gemodar half Klingon who should never [ __ ] exist in the first place make up a load of bollocks. Do you know what I think when I hear this? I think this >> no offense, but it sounds like some [ __ ] commie gobbledygook. >> Uh so of course the Klingon's response is to cry. Give me a batlith and and 30 seconds. Even in the state that I'm at, in the age that I'm at, I'd have his head off in no time. Superman 78. You'll believe a man can fly. Starfleet Academy 2026. You'll believe a Cllingon can cry. She then coerces the weak effeminate uh spineless Klingon uh by saying, "Oh, uh there's a planet just like Kronos, but uh you know how that went down with the Cllingon people." So he puts his little necklace on cuz now he thinks he's a big boy. He's not. And he goes, "Get me back on the debate team." No, you got kicked off. At least that's what would have happened if it was true, Trek, because you have to live with the consequences of your actions. But this is feelings trek. And in feelings, Trek, emotions went out. He's literally debating [ __ ] nobody. It's the only way that he can win an argument is for nobody to be there. I am a Cllingon warrior. I learned that here at Starfleet Academy where I'm the uh only Cllingon and had to be told by different coercive species aka space commies that I was actually a Cllingon. Even though I don't exhibit any of their way of life, I've turned my back on all of it. But thanks to the power of Marxist commie space wankers, I am now a new improved CLING ON WHITE. SHUT YOUR [ __ ] MOUTH. No wonder there's nobody here to debate. They'll be laughing their pants off at you. Then he goes into this weird speech about his brother understanding the the the full mythology of and they keep saying Kish. Kais not Lis Kais. >> The man who appeared to me on Boroth is not Kais. >> And they kind of put it together with imagery of him. the gay Cllingon as if he's some sort of pseudo return of Kais. Are you [ __ ] kidding me? Now, this this episode is just taking the right [ __ ] piss out of Star Trek and Klingons. In actual fact, I think we should lay uh launch a fullscale assault uh on them right now. uh obliterate Starfleet Academy from the map, scorched earth, uh and then land salt it so nothing can ever grow there again. Salt the whole [ __ ] lot. Actually, let's just glass Earth. Let's just just It's over. We've had our time. It's clearly done. Space commies have won the day. Uh so so glass the Earth, get rid, and we can start a fresh. Yeah. Just an idea I had. Now more utter bollocks of course because Klingons have been broken uh so they can be molded into the acceptable current day Klingons. Warriors can now take on many different meanings within the Klingon Empire. No, it can't. No, it can't. And the Federation needs to humble itself and listen to the Cllingons because Cllingon problems require Cllingon solutions. He says, "Well, if the solutions coming from you, it's probably a gay jacuzzi pool party. And and I don't think the rest of them are most likely going to go down that avenue." So the saucer section detaches itself from the rest of the maxipad and warps away. Even though these are impulse engines here and these are meant to be the warp nay cells. So how it Oh, I don't care. They don't care. I I I don't care. They don't care. I don't care. The Cllingon's invited to the bridge where he says the first sensible thing he said all episode, which is, "Why are you even listening to me?" Uh, but because the Federation is [ __ ] uh, they said, "Well, the Federation's willing to take a risk, so [ __ ] it." Uh, I just wanted to show Becky Lynch. Hi, Becky. How you doing? I I I hope you got paid well. I really do. So they get the ambassador back on the con and they say, "We believe that the Klingons are trespassing in Federation space and we view this as an act of aggression and all Klingons are now enemies. Oh fighters and then Starfleet warp in a group of the ugliest looking [ __ ] [ __ ] I have I have seen in my life uh to fight them. And uh yeah, I hope the Klingons it'd be [ __ ] great if the Klingons just blew them all out the sky. The Klingon fleet is warping in now. And I'm like, you know, 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17. There's eight there's there's eight houses and one of them's four people. So it looks like the other houses actually had some heterosexuals on board. A few more ships warped in as well. So, it's at least like 24 25 Kling on ships against these five uh Federation vessels and uh one of them identify themselves as the Lexington. I It would just be so funny if you just saw I think we saw a battle cruiser, a Cllingon battle cruiser. if it just rip the Lexington apart cuz they've been told make it look good but make sure that you don't you don't hit and kill anyone obviously. Uh maybe the Klingons don't don't share those values. Uh but they won't. But at least I can think it for a second and at least it's a bit of fun. Well, it actually turns out that none of the Starfleet vessels uh even fired at all. They just went through them, took some hits to their shields, came out the other side, and said, "Uh, yeah, it's it's time for us to to give up." Uh, and then the ambassador comes onto the Khan and says, "We seize this planet in the name of the Klingan Empire." The the Federation humbling themselves. I would call it patronizing, not humbling, patronizing the Klingan Empire. Uh, and at least they've got a planet because we now, of course, have a new definition of warrior for a Klingan. It means being soft as shite. I'm beginning to like this uh ambassador more and more because he says, "Come here, boy." To Gayen. And he says, "I have a special gift to bestow upon you." A little bit concerned for a second then. Thought it might have been a dildo. And then he materializes this and and passes it to him and says, "This is the weapon of a true cling on warrior, you know, not one of the fake ones like you." And then he says one more thing cuz it's from your family. And he says, "Our family, my family survived." And he's just like, "Yeah, your degenerate polycule, two dudes, one chick, your fathers, and your one mother. Uh, yeah, they're fine. They're the only ones left, of course, cuz the there's no more to be bred there, mate. It's done. It's over. And you've condemned them because of it. But never mind. They are alive. even if they won't get any larger in numbers. Hey Caleb, how's your mom doing? Oh god. Yeah, no, nobody gives a [ __ ] The show doesn't give a [ __ ] anymore. That was something in episode one and forgotten by episode 2, three, and four. But I'm sure it'll materialize when relevant. [ __ ] lens flare. Holy cow, he mentioned his mom. Holy [ __ ] There is literal seconds of the episode to go. And you mention your mom. GG, mate. And that's the end. Uh what a piece of [ __ ] Uh the Kling on race annihilated uh so that the space commies can mold them into the image that they want to. What a sack of absolute dril. Uh what this show needs is a healthy injection of masculinity. Never going to get it. and a healthy injection of heterosexuality which it's never gonna get because at the minute it's a one-horse race in another direction. You know what I'm saying? Uh so I'll see you next week for episode five and I know what's coming up in that episode and you guys and gals ain't going to be happy at all. Until then, take care. GOODBYE. YEAH.