It's finally here. The latest bow movement from Alex Curtsman that's calling itself Star Trek Starfleet Academy. And we're going to go through episode one today and episode two tomorrow. Oh god. Because the first episode's already 1 hour 15 minutes long. I got to suffer through this for you. And we wouldn't have it any other way, would we? [music] Hi everyone, it's AZ here from Heel Versus Babyface. Yes, I have saved up as many brain cells as humanly possible because they are literally going over the top into no man's land to be mowed down by Curtsman Trek. Farewell, brain cells. you fought hard and well for this YouTube channel. So without further pump and circumstance, let's get into the very first episode of Starfleet Academy. [groaning] O 60 years of Star Trek. If this was Logan's run, we would have done it in twice by now. And Lord knows, somebody needs to put this franchise out of its misery. So, it starts like any Curtsman trek starts, which is sacrilegiously. Oh, I've just realized this video is going to BE SO LONG. AH, and it takes and it steals. I should say shouldn't say takes it steals of course the opening section from the original series and next generation the old kind of like space the final frontier but it's got Helen Hunt who's barely comprehendable and she talks about how Starfleet once upon a time used to shape the minds and the hopes and the dreams and turn people into explorers. I noticed that she missed bodies out because the only shape of a body in this show is [ __ ] round. And as a roly poly myself, I'm allowed to comment on things like that. And then she talks about the catastrophic event which which befell Starfleet, which was the burn. Now, if you are a sane person, and the likelihood is that you are, and you have no idea what the burn is in relation to Curtsman Trek, let me just give you uh a TLDDR version of what it is. A baby was born on a planet full of dithium, which for some reason made the dithium bond at a genetic level to the baby. That's like having a baby in a hospital surrounded by petrol cans and the petrol bonds genetically to Anyway, don't worry about that. And then when the baby's mom is killed AND THE BABY SCREAMS OUT IN ANGUISH THAT the mommy's dead, every single starship that used a diliththium engine in the universe immediately explodes. That's like getting a baby to chug down some petroleum, whack it on the back to burp it so it makes a noise and then every car that uses petrol in the WHOLE UNIVERSE JUST SOMEHOW EXPLODING. It is the stupid This isn't science fiction. This is a new breed. This is a new genre. It's science retardation, ladies and gentlemen. Curtsman Trek. [applause] [cheering] So, it starts off with a mother and son in a room dark and they're looking outside and there's a few planets there and she's talking to her son about a code that they have between them and I can barely hear anything that they're saying because they're all mumbling away. And then the mom starts uh telling the boy why they're there. And it's because I guess Paul Gart's character uh used to help her when she needed to scavenge for food. And then she talks about how she used to steal food and how they're going to go to soul three, third rock from the sun earth. And uh then the son says to her, "It's okay if you steal, mom. It's okay if you steal. And I thought, wait a minute. Immigrants going to Earth to steal. Wait, is this 2020? Anyway, moving on. Now, they're rubbing foreheads together because nothing says I love you in current day modernity like a good old headbutt, or as we like to call it, a Glasgow kiss. The woman and son are then brought by some Starfleet officers into a room. She's handcuffed. Another door opens. Paul G. Marty's character comes in. He's being restrained by those collars and poles that they use for animals in the zoo and whatnot. He's giving it the old whatever. And then Helen Hunt, got to be very careful when I'm pronouncing that, comes into the room. We know this is set in the past because the kid is Caleb and the kid is the one that grows up. Anyway, uh and he goes into Starfleet and I can only describe this as a drum head trial. Uh, a supply ship, a provision ship was shot down and Paul Giamati killed the pilot to steal the food rations which he says he stole to feed the starving which included the woman there. Helen Hunts just like shut up. Don't care cuz that's how Starfleet judiciary works nowadays, I guess. So, oh my goodness me. This is great. This is uh this has already turned into women can't take accountability for anything that they do. So Helen Hunt says to Paul Garti, "Because the pilot's dead, it gives me great pleasure cuz she's a complete unprofessional to make sure that you go to a Starfleet penal colony for the rest of your life." And then her tone it warms up and it and she turns to the woman, she's like, "And you? What started off as what would just be a a regular theft charge unfortunately has now turned into a felony theft charge with the murder of that pilot. I'm just like actually no. Um because she was a an accomplice on the theft and the pilot was murdered. Uh she actually should be charged for murder as well and have the same punishment as Paul Giamart's character. And even when Paul Giamati was sentenced, she was smiling as if good, he's got. So she's now losing her [ __ ] BECAUSE SHE'S LIKE, "HOW CAN I TAKE accountability for my OWN ACTIONS? I'M A WOMAN IN CALIFORNIA." NOW, I'M ACTUALLY uh completely on the side of Paul Giamati here as he laughs his dick off because the woman is sentenced to a rehabilitation camp which isn't a prison cuz she got off likely because rules for thee and not for me. And uh she will be allowed visitors, but she's not allowed to have her son at the rehabilitation camp. So, she says, "What's going to happen to my son?" And Helen Hunt says, "Your son will become a ward of the Federation." And Paul Jim Marty burst into laughter and so did I. Because judging by Helen Hunt already, the Federation is a [ __ ] joke. Her characters dragged away. Paul Giamart's characters dragged away. And you can hear Paul Giamart's character screaming, "You call this justice? This isn't justice." He's absolutely right. of course because she should have received the same punishment as him. But it sets out the stall for what Curtsman morality really is. And the morality is there are rules for one set and there are rules for another set. It all depends on whether or not we favor that whatever it may be, gender, race, sexuality, etc. Poor Giamati is just a straight white guy at the end of the day with some funny prosthetics on him. So, [ __ ] that guy. She tells the kid that he's going to go to a school. It's a good school. He's got plenty of food and there's other kids there and he'll see his mom very soon. She promises. I don't care about any of that. What I care about is the com badge that she's wearing because later on in this episode, one of the Starfleet cadetses is going to eat theirs. because they're [ __ ] [ __ ] I uh [clears throat] I said that last bit just because I knew it was something that was coming up in the episode and then I say that and do you notice something that's missing from Holly? Oh no, did she swallow a com badge? No. Even worse, she let the kid when she gave him a hug to say everything's going to be okay, steal her com badge, and now the kid's escaping. [laughter] A Starfleet captain uh has just been outsmarted uh by a three-year-old. A three-year-old fouryear-old well however old he is. He's like five or something. kid escapes from a Starfleet facility on a planet that has horrendous sandstorms. 15 years later 50 a starfleet. They couldn't find him. 15 year they couldn't find him. It then cuts to a shuttle craft that's arriving somewhere, maybe on Earth. I'm not too sure. Prisoner. Oh, look. It's uh it's Caleb. He's now grown up and um Starfleet have somehow managed to steal a bunch of ghosts from Destiny and uh they're going around scanning stuff because that's all Curtsman does is steal from other things. He can't create anything original. Just steals everyone else's ideas and goes, "Yeah, that'll do. That's mine now. Also, they're gay. Probably it's Cursman Trek. The guards out of nowhere. And I imagine that this has been a journey of at least some time now that they're arriving at their destination. Come to the idea of let's just go start abusing him. Are you dead or alive? And what's he going to say? I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. Oh, okay. We'll leave you in peace then. Ah, if you'd only said he's alive, then we would have. So, they go over and they start buzzing him with their shock sticks and oh my goodness me, he's such a he's such a bullied person. Oh, he's had such a tough life. Look, look at I don't I don't give a flying. Do I? Now, Caleb gets up and bites one of their ears off. And then they start fighting inside. And the shuttle pilots saying, "The prisoner's not secure. The prisoner's not secure." I have a question. Why isn't the prisoner secure? Why? Is it because the two guys when they were nearly arriving at the destination just suddenly decided to read the script? And the script said, "This is the part where you get up, you bully him so that he becomes unsecure so he can fight his way out." H Did they Did they read that part? [groaning] Caleb easily defeats all three guards who were much bigger than him and had much more muscle mass, but thankfully they were all white, so that's okay. He then sits down in the pilot's chair and requests that the computer find out about Starfleet rehabilitation centers and gives the name of his mom and request that they find them. Dude, it's a [ __ ] shuttle craft. It's not It's not the computer of the Enterprise. It's a [ __ ] It's a [ __ ] shuttle. Never mind. Now, let us begin part one of the most [ __ ] [ __ ] you'll see today. But I'm probably gonna have to take that back because there's still an hour left of the episode and it's most likely going to get worse. The computer responds to his voice and starts to do as he says. Why? If that was the case, he could just be sat where he was AND JUST GO, "COMPUTER, CRASH THE SHIP." OH, OKAY. WAIT, WAIT. NO, COMPUTER, DON'T. OKAY. No computer do. Okay. This there called failsafe systems that don't allow just any old Tom Dick and wanker to get into their systems. And then one of the guards gets up, drags him from the pilot seat. They start rumaging in the shuttle craft and it starts wobbling and and it starts going oo woo uneven flight. Ooh ooh uneven. Have you [ __ ] heard of inertial dampeners? Inertial dampeners. Do you know what they do? No, you don't. You've got no [ __ ] clue because you're Alex Turdsman, [clears throat] stealer of ideas, creator of wank. [sighs] This is why Kurtsman Trek will never be Star Trek. Because instead of fundamentally being based in the principles of science, you're fundamentally based in the principles of [ __ ] dog [ __ ] Otherwise, every [ __ ] shuttle craft will be wibbling all over the place when there's [ __ ] an imbalance. Ah, damn. Whatever. Starships, we're going through WARP FLY. ALL THE [ __ ] PEOPLE. They're just splats on the wall behind inertial damplers, [ __ ] Do you know what they do? Just I'm already I'm already I got an hour left and I'm already now IT COMES SPIRALING THROUGH THE ATMOSPHERE AND SMASHES on the ground where it immediately explodes and everybody dies. The end of Starfleet Academy. No, even though that would be the case of what happened here, it bashes off the rocks and flies out into the unknown. And of course, because it's Curtsman Trex, some [ __ ] wank, they're just lying on the floor like I think I might have broken a nail. Oh my god. Now, I would also like to very calmly take this minute to just explain to Alex Curtsman that there's a very different level of piloting in the future to to what we would have now. Okay? You see what you do in the future with a shuttle craft with a starship is you plot a course and then you input into the into computer and then you depending on which captain you are engage. You go okay and it takes you there at the speed that you're requiring at the speed that you're wanting it to go. SO YOU'RE NOT MANUALLY CALMLY, CALMLY, CALM. You're not manually piloting the thing, you dumb c. Now, not going to comment any more about this. All I'm going to say is use your imagination to think of the dumbest [ __ ] possible. And that's what happened for Caleb to gain control of the shuttle craft again. Yeah, even that. Yeah, you know that thing that you just thought of there. Yeah, that actually happened as well. I take it back. I'm not actually done with talking about the [ __ ] shuttle bit because the computer comes back with Anishna not found in any database. The traitorous computer doing the command of the prisoner. He then gets caught by a bigger ship. Star Trek Starfleet Academy. We then return to Helen Hunt's character. She's on Beij uh at the Little Blooms Early Education Center. I would just like to add for retards on the end of that just to be safe because it's Curtsman Trek. Ah, I've just realized I've been calling Holly Hunt Helen Hunt the whole time. I don't care. I I I really actually don't care. But she's 422 years old because she's half Lanthanite, which I think is a strange new world thing. So I immediately don't care. So O dead Farah's name is in real life. The cool dude from the mummy. What the is he doing in this shite? I know he's in Discovery, but even then I was upset. Uh, he turns up to ask Holly Hunt da da da da da. Woo! Whether or not she'd like to join Starfleet again because she resigned in disgrace because she split a mother from her son, whatever. And she's like, "No, I can't." And he's like, "But please, we're starting up Starfruit Academy and we need a teacher like you to shape the mind. You're half lanite. you you're you're [ __ ] ancient. You were there when Starfleet was great. Not like now. It's complete [ __ ] crap now cuz Alex Curtsman's involved. And then she's like, "No, I can't make promises to children that I can't keep again." And then he's like, "We found Caleb." And she's like, [groaning] "Oh my god." It's very melodramatic and I don't care. So Odad tells Holly Hunt that uh Caleb's been on the run the whole time. So So it confirms that the 5-year-old kid gave Starfleet the slip for 15 years in their own base. Holy cow. It's amazing they haven't been conquered by a sponge people. Uh, you're never gonna believe this, but uh, Holly Hunt turns up to the prison that Caleb's at to to talk to him and, uh, they talk about when he was separated from his mom. Like, we've already [ __ ] forgotten. Can you just get to it, please? [ __ ] tick tock. TIME TO [ __ ] I quit because of what they did to you and your mom, and I've been looking for you every day for the last 15 years. Well, that's a lie. You're teaching school children on be. Oh, you are a dirty, filthy liar. A pox on the Okay, so let me just establish something. And I'm establishing what the show has already established that Caleb has been on the run for 15 years. He was on that prison shuttle transporting him somewhere. While he was there, the ghosts from Destiny, which they stole, scanned him, and was going through all of his crimes, some of them higher level than others. He then beats up some guards, bites one of their ears off, takes command of a shuttle craft. I mean, already the additional charges which are getting added here. nearly kills them, then gets taken to this prison where apparently they'll work you till your fingers get cut off and then they'll cut your hands off and then they'll make you dig with your wrists. I don't know how the [ __ ] you dig with your wrists, but okay. And then Holly Hunt says there's a there's a way for low-level offenders to be able to work off their service by coming into Starfleet. Low level low low level. The guy's just committed attempted murder. rules for thee. I tell you what, if he was white anyway, moving on. Where's me mom? Your mom broke out of a prison one year ago. Um, wait a minute. You You told her that she was going to a rehabilitation center, not a prison. You actually stressed it's not a prison. You'll be allowed visitors. 14 years later, she's still there cuz that means she's been in this rehabilitation center for 14 years. She wasn't rehabilitated in those 14 years. I have lots of questions and all of them come to the conclusion that Starfleet are absolutely terrible. But I think we knew that already. Come with me. Join Starfleet Academy. We'll look for your mom together. I mean, I don't know how they're going to do that on Starfleet Academy. I mean, if then if they they use the computers and tech to locate where she is, then what happens? You're a cadet at Starfleet. You can't just go wandering off to look for somebody's mom and then what happens if they find your mom and bring her back? Are you just like, "All right, [ __ ] it. I'm going to leave Starfleet Academy already." This is This is really This is really not well thought out. You're going to need a Starfleet uniform. Never happening. Well, of course it's happening. You're joining Starfleet. They're not going to let you go around in rags. So, this whole conversation's already inane and stupid. Uh, never mind that. Shout out to Becky Lynch. That's the WWE wrestler Becky Lynch there. She's uh I mean, good honor for getting an acting role. Uh commiserations for it being on Star Trek, current day Star Trek. So, unfortunately, it seems that I was right in the trailers that Starfleet Academy is now on a spaceship, the USS Athena. And it looks crap as well. just uh just for good measure. I mean, why I think the idea behind this is that when you're in a spaceship, you're more mobile, so you can have more adventures. Uh which in itself is a damning indictment that you can't have a static environment and create good stories. It's not like that's ever happened before, you know? Yeah. Deep Space 9. Okay. Anyway, carrying on. I I had to take a halfhour break from this nonsense. I'm a third of the way through. This goddamn video is nearly half an hour long. [laughter] I'm going to be here all [ __ ] day. So, they arrive and then they get these exposition robots that go, "Welcome to the USS Athena Star Trek Academy. You are here to have your classes and also down on Earth on our base in San Francis." They [ __ ] know. That's why they're there. They didn't just wander in the front [ __ ] door and go knock knock. Who's there? Starfleet Academy. Stupid me. I wanted to go 10pin bowling. And then I thought, "Oh, wait." But as you're thinking about it as if these people had brain cells and half of these people that are going to walk through the door, they're going to be eating their com badges and all kinds of [ __ ] So the likelihood is they're going to arrive and go, "Why did I come here again? Welcome to Starfleet Academy." That was it. Because this is a future of [ __ ] people. She meets up with the half I can't believe I'm going to say this. Half Kling on half Gem Hard. Even though the Gemh had were test tubed, you know, bred to be warriors. They don't have any reproductive organs. They they don't reproduce. So, how do you get a half Klingon half gem in the first place? And anyway, never mind. Uh, we can't think about things like that cuz they never either. And uh, this is the physical education teacher as well. She might want to take some classes herself. That's all I'm saying. So, Caleb throws his bag down going, "Uh, uh, uh, I'm not going to put the uniform on." because that's the the plot device that they require to exposition dump on top of him to say exactly who they are. So she goes, I am from the clling on the house of from the gem lineage OF THERE IS NO GEM LINEAGE. There is no lineage. You can't have a lineage. They are literally created male only. No junk. No reproduction organ. They can't you can't [ __ ] Oh, and by the way, when she's doing this, it just comes across as comical, like I'm watching Space Balls or something. So, the uh the gay Cllingon guy walks past and the uh fat Geminadar, she just touches a com badge and goes uh and then it brings up this guy's profile. Like what set of commands were done for going like huh? There aren't any. It's not science fiction. It's it's stupid. What what what if she' done four fingers and that would the would the woman behind here? Would they have popped up? Stupid sci-fi. And she goes, "YOU PUT YOUR BAG ON his back cuz now he's got to do push-ups cuz he's been insubordinate." And she's just shouted like a stupid [ __ ] Anyway, h can I take another half hour break? Is it too soon already? I've done half. And also the Cllingon is walking in the other direction. Holly Hunt and and Caleb have come from one direction that they've docked. They've arrived. So they've arrived at the entrance and then they're heading towards where they need to go. This guy is coming in the opposite direction, therefore heading to the exit. It's the little things, but they count because it's logic. It don't make sense. WHAT'S HE DOING? Is he [ __ ] off back to Cllingon land? Is he missing his boyfriend? Maybe. Maybe. Who knows? Oh no. Oh no. So, the Cllingon puts the bag on Caleb's back as he's doing the push-ups and he says, "Sorry and Clling on." And Holly Hunt says, "That's something you don't normally hear from a molec molecular biologist." Fat Gemma [ __ ] says, "Why don't you don't you yearn for death in combat like the rest of us?" Well, first of all, you're half Klingon, so shut your [ __ ] pie mouth. And second of all, you're half puppet or muppet in her case. And he's like, I I seek a more valiant path cuz he wants to be a doctor. He wants to be a healer. He don't want to be a cling on warrior. He wants to be a healer. And gay. So then she says, "Both of you go up to the somewhere somewhere and go get your medicals done." And so they pick up their bags AND HEAD BACK TOWARDS THE EXIT. I give up already. I give up. So the Cllingon introduces himself to Caleb as Jayen. Do you get it? Jaden. My god. Let's go see Toby. Yeah, my name's Jaden. Such a cling on name, right? They get to the top of the stairs. There's a lizard creature there and he says, "What are you here for?" And the Klingon says, "Sciences." Well, no, you're there for sciences cuz you [ __ ] idiot. She goes, "Go through the gate." So, he walks through this holographic gate that appears and then they say to Caleb, "What are you here for?" And he's like, cuz apparently that wasn't discussed at all. So, they just say, "Oh, undetermined. So, you just go through the same gate that the clinger went through." So he walks through this this holographic gate, whatever it is, and it immediately changes all of his rags into a Starfleet uniform, cadet uniform, and cuts his hair. How do you remember actually how the Enterprise had a barber shop on it? I'm just I'm just How How would you do that? How How would you know the exact size? How do you know? How could you do? How did you create the fabric to go into Where did Where did the It's magic. It's not science anymore. It's just magic. Aka [ __ ] Aka, we are too dumb to think of clever and logical ways of doing this. So, magic so we can plot device onto the next thing. Now remember, the Klingon went in before him and the Klingon's hair is still long. So why did you not cut the Klingon's hair, but you cut KB's hair? Is Is this magical device, which by the way just disappears when you go through it, so there's nothing there anyway? I Is it Is this magical device racist? Oh, we don't cut the hair of the Klingons, but we will cut hair of humans cuz racist. What are the rules? Uh, don't think, just consume. It's a silly Billy. He almost said [ __ ] [laughter] Laugh. I am not laughing. Speaking of not laughing, we get to the comedy scene with the EMH doctor. He scans Caleb and Caleb has got some sort of parasitic creature lung worm that's actually gone down to his bowels and then he injects him and he's like, "Oh no, you're okay now, but tell me if you have any back passage problems." I don't know. I think the Cllingon will be more too happy to help with that. Then we then we get this fat [ __ ] and uh she's like um I've I've swallowed my com badge. This is this is starting to resemble more of a fat camp than it is uh Starfleet Academy. But but this this this cookie monster was so hungry that she ate her com badge. And then the doctor doesn't respond with you're fired. Get out you stupid [ __ ] No, he responds with already. as if he's expecting this cookie monster to just devour clothing and com badges because there but then the doctor does something really stupid and it says triorder to the nurse I imagine and then the nurse hands him something and he says medical triricorder and then he injects her with a hyper spray. Do you see what happened there? Triorder hypos spray. Tricorder hypo. They're not the same [ __ ] thing. Can I just say that I hate the design of these bridges. This looks like a 1950s diner with ADHD. And they're just so spread out and impractical. You need a megaphone to speak to bloody ops, who by the way has long hair and didn't have it cut in. Anyway, don't I I think we've already established that the the cutting hair machine is racist. Now, the captain I I I can't remember a name and I don't care to. That's why I keep referring to her as Holly Hunt. Well, Helen Hunt for some of the review, but don't worry about it. And she's she's kind of like giving the old, you know, here we go, blah blah blah. And then she says, "Some of you are the first of your species." I'm like "What?" And others of you are the last. What? If they're the last of their species, then don't you think there should be something a little bit more urgent than taking her to Starfleet 90210? That is one [ __ ] looking spaceship. So, it fits perfectly for this show. I just thought I'd freeze it on this image so you can get a good idea of how big one of the cadet com badges is that that stupid fat [ __ ] swallowed. That's all th This is how she decides she's going to sit in a captain's chair. I [ __ ] hate. So, Precious and this other bent uh become friends because the plot demanded that they become friends. Right, moving on very quickly. So, they're walking down a corridor. Precious bumps into the gay Cllingon. The gay clling on drops some binoculars. This guy, this [ __ ] just wooden piece of turd, picks up the binoculars, looks at them, just like, I'm not going to give you back your binoculars cuz he's [ __ ] five. And then the other chick who's with Precious, keep up here, says, "Oh, you going to pick a fight with a Cllingon on day one?" Well, he's not too imposing. He's he's built like a twig, but don't worry about that. And he's like, "No." He's like, "Here's your binoculars." So, he goes to take the binoculars, and then he's like, "No, I'm going to give the binoculars to my boyfriend. Oh my god. Conflict, drama. Oh my god. These [ __ ] grown adults having a fight over a pair of [ __ ] binos. Oh god. So Caleb grabs the binoculars and he starts squaring up to the other dude cuz you got to have your obligatory dick waggling competition. But when you both got micro [ __ ] penises, it's a little bit like pissing in the wind, isn't it? Really? Oh, I'm the first of my species to get here. I mean, you look human. There's no I'm gonna become a captain. Nobody gives [ __ ] Least of all the audience. This isn't conflict. This is this is stupid forced sackering [ __ ] handbags at 10 paces cuz you don't have the wherewithal anymore to actually really lean into something like racial politics anyway. I'm too good I'm too good for this show. [laughter] So the uh the EMH appears and just like, "Oh, why am I getting readings that everybody's stress hormones are like a bouncy castle? Shut up." Uh, everyone disperse. Go do your thing. Blah blah blah. So they all they all disperse. Precious looks at the imm like, "Oh my god, you know that is that's Robert Picardo. He was in Voyager." And then [laughter] Caleb gives the binos back to the Klingon and goes, "They're cool." And he walks off. And then the Klingon decides because he's gay and lovey and touchy, he's like, "I WATCH BIRDS WITH THEE. [laughter] >> [laughter] >> This is the stupidest [ __ ] Oh man, there are there are Cllingons in Stoore that are that are abandoning ship right now. You're never going to believe this, but we get a a a highly annoying scene in this show uh where Precious uh introduces herself as Sam, I think, to the uh EMH Mark One. Yes, this is the Mark1 from Voyager. And she says, "I am I am a a hologram, the first of my kind, and I've been constructed with the sole purpose of integrating with organics. Now you have to understand that the EMH returned to Earth approximately 900 years ago. So it's I This is This is This is It's battering me down. Those gray cells that they're going over the top. It's like [ __ ] galipoly in my head right now. Do you not do you not see there's a huge disparagement there of 900 [ __ ] years? No. Okay. Okay. Let's move on. So Precious is in our time four months old, but she's been programmed to feel like a 17year-old. And the reason why the EMH is older is because 500 years ago, which would have been 400 years after he arrived back homeish, give or take, he added an aging program to his Matrix, which ages him somewhat. Okay. I mean, I'm I'm okay with that to obviously explain the fact that, you know, it's been 30 odd years since Voyager, but Precious comes from a colony of holograms. They like to be known as another name, but my brain didn't care to even compute, so don't worry about it. And um I realized that I'm literally just explaining stuff to you that I couldn't give two shits about. I'm nobody's mentor, says the EMH who's teaching at Starfleet Academy. You can't even you can't even begin to write this [ __ ] [ __ ] Caleb hacks into a communications uh console to use the code that him and his mom had when he was a baby. How did he hack the console? Don't know. He literally just went up to it. We didn't see anything and then it just said you it's been overridden. I guess he used some of that magic that's just going around nowadays. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe maybe he got the racist hair cutter machine to just zip in, do it, zip out, vanish like it. Oh, whatever. [ __ ] God, this is nonsense show. 900 years ago, they could cure blindness. Jordi Leforge had the visor, then they had the eyes, and even throughout the course of the show, there was talk about having eye transplants as well. And yet, we got glasses 900 years later, glasses. And even when the next gen was a thing, they didn't even realize about laser and things like that. But she's just feet on a chair, no kind of discipline, reading a book, got nothing else to do. Now, if Picard wanted to go and read a book for a bit cuz there was nothing to do and wait, he'd go to his ready room. He'd go to his ready room. It'd probably do some duty rosters, stuff like that. So, I'm glad that this one's got a cushy life. Oh, careful here. I mean, after all, we saw earlier in the episode when you rocked the shuttle craft, it knocked off balance cuz inertial dampeners don't work anymore. This load going onto the left hand side of the ship. Steady there. You could send this spiraling out of control. Now, they detect an anomaly. They think initially it could be an ion storm and then the you know burley crew decided to have a conversation about it and they decided to come out of warp and have a look and so they come out of warp and THAT'S IT THE EXACT place you're never going to believe it that a trap has been set for them. So if if they didn't come out of warp and it just carried on or they adjusted course, then then this wouldn't have happened. Well, that was awfully convenient, wasn't it? I got to be honest, I'm really enjoying this next bit. You see, uh those traps kind of like landed, hit the ship, [clears throat] cover the ship in programmable matter. I mean, that can go [ __ ] itself in its ass. But then a ship materializes, comes together. It's like three pieces, fits together, starts firing like harpoons at the Athena, tearing into it, exploding. People are dying left, right, and center. [groaning and screaming] I'm feeling good now. You know, it's kind of feeling good. And it should just like blow up and then that's the end of Starfleet Academy. credits roll and I'll be like, "Well, that was a tough one." But boy, they got what they deserved in the end. Satisfactory ending. Okay, so this is still got another 30 odd minutes of the episode left, but uh let's just see exactly how much damage to the Athena is going to happen. Scrap that. I'm mad again. Uh there's a uh report on casualties and whatnot and the the doctor says, "Well, they've hit our holo emitters, so medical personnel is in short supply. Maybe you shouldn't have an over reliance on holographic beings to do stuff like medical all the time. It is, after all, an emergency medical hologram because it's there for emergencies when there aren't any beings, human, tangible, fleshy, maybe other races. I'm just a [ __ ] xenophobe. But he says there's injuries, zero casualties. [ __ ] There's a little floaty robot like going around at one mile an hour putting out little fires. This is 1,300 years in our future. And we've got more sophisticated [ __ ] fire equipment than this bloody starship. Now, the stupid bint that ate the com badge is waddling around screaming red alert, red alert, red alert. So, one can only assume that the ladder's been hit. The sexes are equal. Women can do anything that a man can do. Ladies and gentlemen, I bring to you the flaw in that logic that will stay here until the day everybody dies. Heavy lifting. Where's the women? Oh, it's the men. It's the men doing the heavy lifting. The sexes are equal right up to heavy lifting. Then it all falls apart. And if you thought I was being silly or facicious, ladies and gentlemen, the women walking behind, the big strong men uh drag this thing into the medical bay because they have a bit of shrapnel stuck in them. So, she gives them the override code so they can access the medical facilities. She asks another one of the people to go find a medical triricorder, scan the wound, see if there's any arteries that have been affected. If not, then get prepared to rip it out hard. And then she tells another one of the people, she says, "Find me something to bite." And I swear to [ __ ] god, I swear if he comes back with a massive chicken drumstick, I'm going to piss myself laughing. The hologram of Paul Giamart's character appears, and this is where we get this incredible bit of writing where he likens time to an origami chicken folding in on itself. This is when you know that this show couldn't possibly have been written by chat GPT cuz that is too [ __ ] [ __ ] for that AI. So, we found out that Paul Garti was able to track them because of the frequency that Caleb sent out to try and track his mummy. So, all of this is Caleb's fault. Don't worry, I'm sure there's going to be zero repercussions. Actually, scrap that because poor Giamati plays the message that Caleb sent out so they all know that it was Caleb. So, the guy who is having the um love affair with earlier in the corridor over the binoculars, uh he goes, "You son of a bitch." And then they start brawling in the med bay as the Jennada woman clling on breed is desperate for a fix of pork sandwich pulled pork pulled pork with chips gravy. I don't know. He couldn't find a chicken drumstick, but he managed to find a bone. [laughter] It's not a bone. It look it looks like a bone. So they they talk a lot of, you know, gobbled goo [ __ ] but it turns out ultimately that the way that they get this programmable matter, God, I hate that kind of [ __ ] off the ship is to find the frequency and then you you tune into the frequency and, you know, jizzle over it, I guess. So, uh, Holly Hunt has told him to get on with that. So, he's getting on with that. Uh the the precious holograms, you know, button in cuz 4 months old. I don't know. The uh gay clling on is uh going to save the gem's life. Uh because he's a he's a doctor, you know. He's not a warrior. He's here to save people. Blah blah blah. Oh my god. It's all coming together and stuff. Oh, and the and the 5'0 uh 95 lb tiny little girl, she's barking the orders to the 6'3 guys. In other words, Curtsman Trek working as intended. I'm I am running out of [ __ ] to give with this absolute [ __ ] baloney. So, Bully Boy, right? Uh he's looking after uh you know that thing and uh they said, "Oh, to to do all the bollocksy [ __ ] that we need to do, we need to get a spaceshoot on outside, get some of the matter or something like that." And uh the uh the Kling on Jennar woman's just like, "Well, no, cuz you need to have an officer present to get the spacuit to be able to do that." So, Bully Boy just goes, I I don't need a space suit. Oh, what a coincidence. How's that? Well, you see my my race, which looks exactly like human. Exactly like human. You couldn't didn't even put like a pencil thing on me forehead or anything. I can I can withstand temperatures of like minus blah blah blah and pressure of of this. So I I'm I am able to go out into space with no suit for up to eight minutes. Well, what a freaking kowinkly dinkly pooky dookly man. [sighs] It's just it's just the [ __ ] show. It's it's the Alex Curtsman [ __ ] show. the the Alex Curtsman [ __ ] extravaganza. Now, the bit in the trailer where Paul Giamati's character is whistling the Star Trek theme tune, they have now dubbed over different whistling because maybe after the feedback of that's [ __ ] [ __ ] they decided not to put it in. So, Bully Boy's real appearance is is this? How How does everything just get gayer? I'm kind of at a loss of words at the minute. So, Bully Boy goes out onto the hull. He decides to walk past shitloads of programmable matter so that he can get to another bunch of programmable matter, which means he'll be in trouble getting back to the airlock. Tension. He scans it. He gets the code. They put it in. But they now need to go to the deflector dish area so that they can spam it all at the same time around the ship. But that's near engineering and that's where Paul Giamati is with all his cronies. So Caleb's running down there and he's going to listen to Holly Hunt and she's going to make sure that she guides him through. Whereas little madam, who we've now discovered, by the way, is the daughter of an admiral, uh, seems to think that everybody operates on the basis that they want to [ __ ] her. So, probably a typical Californian girl. She's going to try and teleport maybe or something Bully Boy back onto the ship cuz he doesn't have time to get the airlock even though the transporters are down. I don't know. something like that. I'm sort of phasing out right now in a catatonic state. So, the gay effeminate useless stringy piece of snot Cllingon who wants to be a doctor and not a warrior is saying out loud as he's treating her, "You will not kill your superior on your first day. You will not kill your superior. Why are these so-called adults, you know, they're meant to be 17 18 19 20 whatever? Why do they act like fiveyear-old children? Is that is that their just their mental capacity? When everybody acts like a 5-year-old child, then nobody's a 5-year-old child. You're just a bunch of annoying wankers. I I'd say I gave up. I give up. You know, [laughter] I gave up a long time ago with this crap. I think I think I've seen it all. And then it shows me something new and more [ __ ] So he he cauterizes the wound and then she passes out and they're like, "Come around." And then she she wakes up and then she does that face AND SHE SAYS, "DYING REALLY GETS THE BLOOD PUMPING." And then she punches the clling on and I [ __ ] you not, he goes flying to the other side of the room, which could concuss him. Uh, all kinds of [ __ ] but never mind about that. And then you hear off camera as he's flown off the camera him go, "Ow." And then Precious the [ __ ] hologram goes, "YOU DON'T HAVE TO THANK ME." NO, not now. Not now. There's more episodes to go. So, uh, up her own ass little girl, she puts a tractor beam onto Bully Boy to bring him back in out the cold, so to speak. Arf. Arf. The captain runs a simulation program that the warp core is going to explode and Paul Giamati falls for it. Clearing out engineering. So now Caleb is going to put the code in to use the deflector dish to spread it all around the shitty looking crap ship to get rid of the programmable matter and uh no doubt save the day the day that he caused the problem in in the first place. Paul Giamarti immediately teleports back onto the ship when they realized that it was just a fake simulation and the warp core didn't blow up. Why didn't you think that was going to happen? All they had to do was beam out back to their ship. Your ship doesn't explode. Okay, beam back on just a few seconds later. Anyway, so Caleb puts the code in, but Paul Giamati appears and they have a fight and Paul Garti says, "Oh, it's a shame what happened to your mom when we broke out of prison." He's like, "WHAT DID YOU DO WITH MY MOM?" BUT APPARENTLY the race that poor Jim Marti is is very strong, so he's like kicking Caleb around all over the place and whatnot. And and I don't care about Caleb's mom or Caleb at all cuz they've not given me anything to care about. Just cuz you put a woman and a baby together and go, "We're touching fods." That that doesn't make any bond happen. We've seen the mom for like two minutes in the whole episode, so we don't really care about her. And as regards to Caleb, he's just kind of done his own thing. So why do I care? I don't. I don't. You haven't given me a reason to. I I I can't [laughter] I can't I can't believe what I'm watching now. So during the fight, I think Caleb's head gets smacked onto the console, which triggers the uh program to to take place. So the programmable matter all gets wiped off the ship immediately. Captain, we've got weapons and shields again. So look, if I was watching Enterprise, Voyager, Next Generation, I imagine all of the captains of those ships saying something along the lines of, "Mr. Data, target their weapons and engines and knock them offline. Maybe their shield emitters. go again. So they knock out the shield emitters weapons and they're just like now then are we ready to talk? No. Holly Hunt when they say we've got shields and weapons back online goes blow that ship out of the sky. And then Becky Lynch, I mean she's a wrestler. She's quite aggressive by nature I guess. Just goes with pleasure captain. They fire torpedoes, blow the thing up. I mean, why that ship doesn't have any shields up, I don't know. Like, I And then the fat [ __ ] in the blue, cuz I know cuz there's a lot of them, is just like, "Well, that was a teachable moment. You're all a bunch of [ __ ] psychos. You're psychos. Holy [ __ ] And when the first volley of torpedoes has already decimated the ship, THEY THEY [laughter] GO AND PLOW ANOTHER volley of just in case there was the possibility of one [ __ ] survivor. No. Jesus wept. So, poor Giamarti escapes in an escape pod and jettisons from the ship. Helm tractor beam on that escape pod. We're not going to do that though, are we? No. I mean, we've actually just seen the tractor beam being used to drag in Bully Boy, but I guess it'd be too much to use the tractor beam now that cuz he's got to get away. cuz the show's [ __ ] stupid. I mean, where's the escape pod going? He's in the middle of nowhere. And so, an escape pod there would be to to survive away from the ship and then Starfleet would come and and and rescue the survivors in the escape pods. But this, he's just floating out into [ __ ] space. And these psychos on the Athena, they ain't going to help him. I mean, they could have just immediately Where you going? Oh god. I I I swear to God, I am thinking more about this than a they ever will. So he cuts to them getting back to Earth and they're all looking out the [ __ ] window and Gary's calling me now. Hold up, Gary. I'm just finishing this piece of audio, mate. And then the music when you're going to San Francisco >> STARTS TO [ __ ] [screaming] PLAY. >> I know. It's unbelievable. It's as >> Oh, >> hold on. >> Let me let me cut this bit of audio so we can talk. And it keeps going and going and going. The song won't bloody end. Just [ __ ] stop it now. Right. Stop it. Don't you be dragging the OG series into your [ __ ] shite. So, after hacking the ship's computer, which allowed Paul GMarti to track them and do all the damage and nearly kill people, uh, as predicted, he gets away pretty much scot-free. He's got to do like a 100 hours of menial labor and he's restricted to campus. Naughty boy. So, Caleb says, "Yeah, that sounds like a piece of piss. I'll do that for now." Deuces, [ __ ] See you in episode two. And that's the end of episode one. And it wasn't good. It wasn't good in the slightest. And one of the main reasons why it wasn't good is there's no real care and attention placed into the things that matter, which is the logic of it all. I mean, we're literally now dealing with Star Trek magic and and all the the alien races are now just magic. So instead of the intrinsic things about those races which can either bring upon conflict or can allow us those teachable moments as they say which in itself is humanity wrapped up in other people. It's all gone. And it's all gone. So, you can have flashy consoles and a little bit of explosions and people running around the place going in an effort to distract you from the fact that zero of substance is going on. Not one of these characters has exhibited substance. There's nothing which I really saw in any of these characters right now in this first episode that made me think, "Yeah, I I'm going to gravitate towards them. I'm going to gravitate towards those characters." Nothing. Vacuous, empty, stereotypical, vanilla. Episode two tomorrow, folks, if my brain can handle it. Until then, you take care. Goodbye, Balobu. [music] [music] >> [music]