Do you guys want to hear about how I almost got deported? >> So, the clip goes on to have this copyrighted music. I guess they probably made this for TikTok or something. So, let me explain what happens here. She goes on to talk about how she's a Canadian citizen on a visa to be in the US and how she was traveling back to Canada from the US, but she had the wrong visa and uh says that she almost got deported because of this. Now, what's especially interesting here is she goes on to blame her assistant. She says that the assistant was supposed to put together this portfolio that included the visas and that when she got to the airport and pulled the portfolio out, it was the wrong visas. There was like expired visas. And this makes me think of two things. First of all, got to love Miss E the Rich here having an assistant do so much for her, even getting her visas together amongst other things. You know, she's totally not the rich, guys. She just has people that she pays to do everything for her, you know? Totally normal stuff, right? Yeah. Right. And the second thing it reminded me of a number of months ago, more uh recent to when the Han Kai situation started and Pokemon and Lily Pichu have this podcast called the Sweet and Sour Podcast. And they were supposed to do an episode with Hassan. And the episode ended up not coming out. And she came out with a statement blaming the employees, blaming the staff for not releasing this podcast episode, essentially saying or implying that they went against her orders or something like that. and then talking about she's going to do restructuring. She later tried to spin this a certain way after she got a lot of criticism for this because many people saw this as her just like throwing the blame on the people that she's paying instead of taking accountability as one of the actual owners and hosts of the podcast. Because ultimately, look, for argument's sake, we can even say to be more fair than Pokemon deserves, even hypothetically if the staff made a mistake, it is still her podcast. it is still up to her to decide what gets posted or not. So even if they didn't post it, in other words, on the day it's supposed to come out, she could have later on released the episode. But this is extremely important, the episode never came out. So if it was really a mistake by staff, as mentioned, she could have remedied this mistake by simply releasing the podcast episode with Hassan a day late or a few days late, whatever it would have been. But they never released the episode, which really makes it seem like it was actually her choice or her and Lily Pichu's choice. And then Pokemon is the one trying to blame it on the staff, which circles me back to this whole visa thing that just happened. Because again, it's crazy how Pokémon doesn't see herself as rich and privileged when she literally has assistants doing like basic life tasks for her. And then she'll pretend to care about workers and labor, but turn around and demean her own employees on stream for content. It's all quite ridiculous. But that's all the time I'm going to spend today talking about Pokémon. Let me know what you think about this in the comments. Thank you for tuning in.