The original cartoon came out in 1937 and very evidently so. There is a big focus on her love story with a guy who literally stalks her. Yeah. Weird. Weird. We have a different approach to what I'm sure a lot of people will assume is a love story just because like we cast a guy in the movie. Andrew Burn, great dude. All of Andrew scenes could get cut. Who knows? It's Hollywood, baby. Vote for Kla Harris and it's actually non-negotiable. Our rights are on the line, folks. Our reproductive rights. Come on, go vote blue. And if you disagree with the sentiment, just hit the unfollow button. I don't need your business. Thanks. [Music] There are few things as satisfying as seeing someone or something get exactly what they deserve, but that's what's happened here with Snow White and Rachel Zgler and Disney. And it is glorious to say the least. And the disaster is actually worse than anyone expected, present party included. Look, we expected this movie to fail. We expected it to be a disaster for Disney. None of us expected it to be this bad. And holy  the fallout is monumental. Disney is halting the production of live-action remakes after the failure of Snow White at the box office. This is why it was important to hyperfocus on this movie because Disney needed to feel the effects of this movie far beyond this movie. And that's exactly what's happening right now. And big shout out to everyone that roasted this movie. Snow White bombed so badly at the box office that Disney put another liveaction princess remake on Ice reports. And this is from the New York Post. Um, if you look at the box office right now, still has not hit $200 million worldwide at the box office. I'm pulling for about $5 million more dollars. Uh, I guess maybe $4 million. This right at 195. So four $4 million more dollars. Let's end it at$199 and we can say hail to the 199. That would be absolutely fantastic. I remember another failure from Disney, a woke disaster. The Marvels almost hit 199. I think it finished up at like 206. We were hoping that that failure would be that low. But yeah, this movie doesn't look like it's going to cross $200 million worldwide. No one predicted this. We predicted it to be bad. We were thinking maybe 3 350 at worst. No one saw this level of disaster. But Valiant Renegade, uh, you know, did report that Disney's looking at a $300 million loss on this movie. And Disney has tried to spin this and twist this and manipulate this um because they have their shield sites that'll lie for them. But the reality of the situation is is this is a massive disaster for them. Uh, you've even got comic book resources. Snow White uh woes continue as controversial remake still has yet to reach 100 million at the US box office. Um, so right here it is. Uh, the film which had a mega budget of around $270 million has yet to make back even half of the domestic box office per collider. Now it the budget was higher than 270 by the way. Um, I don't know exactly what the final numbers were. Valiant Renegade has reported on a lot of that, but it it was higher. Uh, Snow White was reviewbombed. Now, here's where the excuses come into play. Shortly after Snow White hit theaters, users of the popular movie database IMDb left many negative reviews for the film that prompted a warning from the website. The site flagged unusual voting activity on Snow White's IMDb page. The site shows a 1.6 out of 10 rating for the movie from IMDb users. Yeah. So, of course, they're claiming that it was reviewbombed because this is the argument that they always go with every time that it can't be the bad movie that produced all the negativity. It just must be review bombing. I've went over the review bombing nonsense more times than I can count. There's no such thing as reviewbombing in terms of just negativity. Review bombing happens positively and negatively. That's just how it is because that's fandom. They've never reported on positive review bombing. As I've said many times, I'm a Christopher Nolan fan. Christopher Nolan fans positively review bomb Christopher Nolan movies a lot. Go look how highly ranked Nolan's movies are on IMDb. It's insane. Now, I think that it's justified to on a lot of them. But to sit there and act like it doesn't happen, this is what the media does. They only want to build a negative narrative around it for negativity towards fans because they can't say that fans are positive. Zack Snder fans are the same way. They are positively review bombing Zack Snyder movies because they love Zack Snyder. I don't see anything wrong with positivity or negativity based on how you feel on what's going on. And Disney put an actress at the forefront of this movie that didn't deserve to be Snow White. She attacked the iconic 1937 classic animated film. She attacked all the history involved. She attacked the fan base. She attacked Trump supporters. They don't like her and they're voicing their displeasure. There's nothing wrong with that. That's how the internet goes. If you disrespect people, they will respond. But of course, the media wants to sit here and spin this narrative about review bombing. It's such a nonsensical take. Um, of course, yes, you have Snow White. You have Collider here. Snow White stalls at global box office as Rotten Tomato score plummets further. So, you go over Rotten Tomatoes. Uh, top critics at a 29%. All critics have it at a 40%. So I guess the top critics are just reviewbombing the movie, right guys? It's just review bombing from those top critics that love to virtue signal and even they couldn't justify this movie and the disaster that it is. All audience on Rotten Tomatoes 19%. If you go to verified audience 72%. Um so make of that what you will. Uh, if you go over to criticless, uh, 10% from criticless users. That's exactly what I gave it to. Um, you guys should be following me on criticless. If you have not, that's criticless. Uh, not criticless. Criticless. So, C R I T I C Ls.com. Uh, they have an app on Android and Apple. You will enjoy it over there. Um, it's basically our own version of Rotten Tomatoes. Um, with kind of like a letterbox feel. You can create communities, things like that. Critical is awesome. I highly recommend it. Um, but yeah, so I mean, we go back to the original story here of like Disney halting the production of live action remakes after the failure of Snow White at the box office. And this is the point of why we focus on these movies. This is the point because Disney and Hollywood have proven time and time again that they will destroy everything that you love if you give them the opportunity. And the more success that a lot of these films are and projects are, the more opportunity that it gives them to destroy so much else. Um, so now with this, they appear to be halting production. We know that they got this report here about the Tangled liveaction remake that has been uh shelved because of the failure of Snow White. and it could have effect on even more films. So, you guys let me know your thoughts in the comments below. Thank you very much for checking out this video. If you're interested in supporting us over on Locals, um you can go do that. Now, Locals is essentially a Patreon alternative. I know the name Locals sucks. It's a terrible name. I don't know why they named it that. I guess that's what happened when you have a guy like Gay Rubin, Dave Rubin, uh who named it Locals. It sounds like a gay dating site, but Locals is an awesome platform and uh we would love if you guys followed Geeks and Gamers over there. So, we do appreciate it. Have a great day and we will talk to you later. [Music]