Get ready for massive meltdowns as soon as early tomorrow morning because right now on social media, something amazing is happening and is surrounding GameStop, President Trump, and Halo going to the PlayStation 5. Incredible stuff is happening. So, this all started because the GameStop account puts out this tweet, and this is all in reference to Halo going to PlayStation. And that's a monumental thing in the gaming world. This happened a couple of days ago. Halo is coming to PlayStation. Xbox's iconic franchise heads to PS5 with Halo Campaign Evolved remake. So, GameStop releases this statement and it says, "For the past two decades, the global gaming community has engaged in an ongoing and increasingly petty conflict known as the console wars. Said conflict originated in the early 2000s with the release of Halo Combat Evolved as an Xbox uh exclusive title. I know the meme they're rolling with here, but the conflict did not start in the early 2000s. Uh, the conflict started back during the Sega does what Nintend don't. But I'm not going to lose my mind over that for the point they're trying to make and the meme they're leaning into. Let's go with it. Halo Cam Campaign Evolved is officially coming to the PlayStation in 2026 with crossplatform play. And so right here, they're they're leaning into it. It's really good. I'm loving this. This is beautiful. And then rapid response 47 responds and it says number nine. President Trump provi presides over the end of a 20-year console war. And this is because President Trump has ended eight international conflicts up to this point. And now rapid response 47 which is the official uh response team for President Trump has responded with this. President Trump presides presides over the end of the 20-year console wars. And so GameStop responded with this. And it's beautiful. And this is exactly what we need more of. And the games journalists are going to lose their minds over this. They are going to melt down. They're going to screech and they're going to cry. And you know what's beautiful about this? The comments are all positive. Of course, there's mine. I'm about to renew my GameStop membership. Give that man the Nobel Peace Prize based dub for GameStop. Everybody's cheering him on. There's a meme of Trump and Leon Kennedy right there. Uh they go way back. Uh everybody loves this because everybody loves President Trump. Uh the Peacemaker. Uh it's fantastic. And these games journalists who are majority of them are left-wing lunatics are going to be so pissed off tomorrow night. Uh, and uh, yeah. Yeah. But even Trump couldn't prevent this outburst from escalating. It is, ma'am. [laughter] Oh, you love it. You know what? I've got that clip right here. I can play for you. >> Need to settle down. >> You need to settle down and mind your business. Okay. >> Ma'am, once again, ma'am. >> I said both of you. >> No, you said sir. Once again, it's ma'am. >> I actually said both of you guys. It was a general >> right beforehand. You [ __ ] said sir. >> SIR. [ __ ] TAKE IT OUTSIDE. IF YOU WANT TO CALL ME SIR AGAIN, I will show you a [ __ ] SIR. >> I APOLOGIZE, >> [ __ ] >> I APOLOGIZE NOW. [laughter] >> Oh man, the memes are glorious indeed. This one's so freaking funny. Um, but I mean we have even more of a response because now the official White House account has responded to GameStop with a picture of President Trump as chief. And it says, "Power to the players." This is the best timeline ever. And we need more of this. Now, listen, I'm not just going to sit here and go, "Oh, GameStop is completely ready to, you know, be back and all that." I'm not really the biggest fan of GameStop. But I do appreciate what they're doing right here, uh, because it's fantastic and it's glorious. Um, they have a lot of absolute freaks working for them because every time I go into a GameStop, I have some freak with pronouns or a gay pride flag on their name tag and all of that. So, I even GameStop employees, they're probably going to lose their mind over this. They're going to be so furious. Um, but the MAGA memes are flowing and it's beautiful right here. Autism Capital says, "We all know who really helped broker the end of the console wars." Uh, here is JD Vance. Uh, with of course a little bit of Code Red, the Xbox 360 controller, and Halo Combat Evolved. A beautiful site. A beautiful site indeed. But yeah, of course, I think we're probably gonna have a hopefully we'll have an article on this tomorrow morning over on geeseandgames.com. Um, obviously we covered the Halo coming to PlayStation and it is a huge moment for video games. Um, it's bittersweet for me. I mean, I'm not even the biggest fan of Xbox as a platform. Um, but just seeing Halo on PlayStation, it doesn't feel right. It it it's it's kind of like when Sonic appeared on a Nintendo console. It just it didn't feel right. And even though we knew this was happening, we knew this was coming, it still the official announcement of it still feels very weird. Plus, there's a lot of problems with campaign evolved from what I'm seeing a lot of people say anyway. Time will tell if that actually, you know, improves or if uh those concerns are warranted or not. But seeing, you know, the official GameStop account embrace President Trump, uh, it's a good sign. It's a sign that, you know, we're moving back into the right direction. But just watch out for all of the left-wing lunatics, game journalists losing their minds over this because it will happen. And we need to be prepared to laugh at them and meme them until they cry and then meme them for crying because that's exactly what's going to happen. Um, President Trump, Master Chief, embracing the end of the console wars. I'm not happy about that either. I think I think competition is healthy. Uh, I like competition. You go back to the old school days of, you know, professional wrestling when we had Nitro versus Raw. That was the best time ever. Competition is good. Lack of competition is not a good thing. And I know a lot of people say, "Well, Nintendo's still out there." And Nintendo doesn't compete with PlayStation and Microsoft or PlayStation and Xbox. They compete with themselves. And half the time they're pissing off half their community with some of their boneheaded decisions. So, I don't consider them a direct competitor to PlayStation. Um, so this is kind of bittersweet to have this come to an end, but I love how GameStop is handling it. We need to see more of this. It's a beautiful thing. Can't wait to see the games journalists cry their eyes out. It will be awesome. But thank you guys for checking out this video. I really appreciate it. Make sure you check out geeksandgamers.com for all of your information in the world of pop culture and we will talk to all of you later. Bye everyone. Geeks & Gamers fans, this one's for you. Ref your fandom with our brand new merch drop featuring limited edition shirts and an allnew hat that's built for true eye dots. These won't last long, so grab yours now at ripplesend.com before they're gone.