Ah, the Golden Globes, the Teimu version of the Oscars, which themselves are becoming so culturally irrelevant that they won't even be broadcast on network TV in a few years because they're moving on to YouTube. Damn, man. Imagine being so obscure and unpopular that YouTube's the only platform that will have you. Oh, wait. Anyway, the globes have been part of Hollywood's annual collective circle jerk, better known as awards season, for more than 80 years now. There's only one pair of Golden Globes I care about, though. [laughter] Apart from being yet another venue for pampered overpaid outofouch celebrities in $10,000 suits to get together over free champagne and pontificate about the failings and shortcomings of the unwashed masses that they never even have to deal with. They do at least serve a useful purpose as a barometer of the film industry, how it's feeling about itself, what it still values, and what kinds of projects it wants to uphold and push on the public. The slight problem here is that, well, nobody really gives a [ __ ] about them anymore. In fact, props to host Nikki Glazer for pointing that very fact out in her opening monologue. >> The Golden Globes, without a doubt, the most important thing that's happening in the world right now. >> [ __ ] sick burn, Nikki. Anyway, for those of you who couldn't be bothered to actually watch them, which I'm guessing is just about all of you, the big winner of the night was one battle after another with nine nominations and four wins. No big surprises there. If ever a movie was designed purely to scoop up awards rather than entertain its audience, it was that bloated, tedious, pretentious, glacially slow piece of domestic terrorism propaganda that advocates every correct opinion it's possible to have in Hollywood, headed up by a pair of actors more desperate for validation than a female fitness influencer. It was always going to get lavished with praise and awards because it represents everything Hollywood wishes for in the world today. Yeah, it was a completely embarrassing flop at the box office. rejected by a general public that's totally burned out on the subject matter. But that was never the point, was it? It was a film made by and for Hollywoods. A nice little comfort blanket to clutch to their chests while the house burns down around them. Hope it was worth the $150 million price tag, lads. Another big hit of the night was Sentimental Value with eight nominations, a Norwegian family drama about a pair of sisters reconnecting with their estranged father later in life that I'm willing to bet almost nobody in America has even heard of, never mind bothered to watch. I mean, don't get me wrong, it's always nice to see Stellan Scarsgard getting the recognition he deserves. And I know the Globes always tries to include more international cinema in its lineup, but holy [ __ ] this is hardly the kind of movie that's going to capture the cultural zeitgeist or fire the passions of audiences everywhere. One of the big surprises of the night for me though was Sinners. It got seven nominations, but only brought home two. And one of those was for cinematic or box office achievement. Basically, an award for making lots of money. Something I'm still scratching my head over. Honestly, considering Ryan Cougler is a bit of a darling of the industry at this point, and the film tackles a lot of stuff that Hollywood pretends to care about, I'd have expected a lot more from it. Oh well. It was nice to see K-pop Demon Hunters getting some recognition, though, winning best animated feature and best original song. Well done, my little soda pops. I knew you could do it. You ever see something so bizarre that you have to do a double take just to make sure you're not hallucinating? I do because most of the time I am. Turns out drinking Toilet Duck really isn't good for you. But in this case, I wasn't hallucinating. They really did nominate Bella Ramsay for best actress in a TV series for her work in The Last of Us. [laughter] Who in their right minds looked at this and thought, "Yeah, that's an award-winning performance right there. >> I'm going to be a dad." [laughter] >> Either that or it was the biggest [ __ ] post of all time. Probably my favorite moment of the night though was Ricky Jervis winning best stand-up comedy. A guy who made it his mission to [ __ ] on the Golden Globes and the entire Hollywood establishment in one of the most brutally scathing diet tribes ever recorded on screen. And yeah, I know it's been replayed like a billion times, but [ __ ] it. It's so good that it bears repeating. Well, you say you're woke, but the companies you work for, I mean, unbelievable. Apple, Amazon, Disney. If I Isis started a streaming service, you'd call your agent, wouldn't you? You're in no position to lecture the public about anything. You know nothing about the real world. Come up, accept your little award, thank your agent and your god, and [ __ ] off. Okay, [sighs and gasps] boy, that escalated quickly. >> I mean, really, he was up against the likes of Sarah Silverman, Kumale Nani, and Bill Maher. Not exactly laugh factories. What's awesome, though, is that Wanda Sykes of all people had to collect the award for him. Uh, you know, there's some people pissed off that a queer black woman is up here doing the job of two mediocre white guys. >> Oh, right. We're still doing this, are we? Damn, I feel like I've been teleported back to 5 years ago when stuff like this was still popular. Here's a fun little game you can play at home, boys and girls. Bring up any random interview with Wanda Sykes and take a shot every time she mentions her race, gender, or sexuality. I can guarantee you'll be blackout drunk within a matter of minutes. What did we really expect from all this, though? I mean, no Hollywood awards show would be complete without the obligatory grandstanding and partisan political lectures. Most of them coming courtesy of nobody's favorite actor, Mark. I pretend to support popular thing, Ruffalo, who was just so stricken with grief about the recent events in Minneapolis that he could barely even bring himself to enjoy the lavish showbiz party that had been laid on for him. [ __ ] >> I mean, he still showed up in his tailor made tuxedo, though, didn't he? >> I got to be honest with you. I'm not feeling so great. >> You're not looking too good either, Mark. What are you like 70 or something? >> I don't know if I could pretend like this crazy stuff isn't happening. We have a president who says the laws of the of the of the world don't apply to him and we could rely on his morality, but he has no morality. Honestly, making this pompous, self-righteous [ __ ] famous was arguably one of the worst things the MCU ever did. and I'm including She-Hulk in that. Attention-seeking opportunists aside, though, my big takeaway from the whole event was just how flat and subdued it all seemed. There was this weird atmosphere of embarrassment and self-consciousness hovering over the evening. Like, everyone involved knew how pointless and irrelevant it really was. They knew they were presiding over an industry in decline, presenting meaningless awards for films and shows that most people don't even care about. And to be honest, they probably should feel embarrassed about themselves because Ricky Jervase was right all those years ago. >> You're in no position to lecture the public about anything. You know nothing about the real world. Come up, accept your little award, thank your agent and your god, and [ __ ] off. Okay. >> Anyway, that's all I've got for today. Go away now.